Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 870):
Original:     Seven transgender women have been killed this year. Democrats want Jeff Sessions to investigate.
Reformulated: Seven transgender women have been killed this year. Democrats want Jeff Sessions to investigate. Seven transgender women have been killed this year. Democrats want Jeff Sessions to investigate. Seven ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['In 2023, seven transgender women have been victims of fatal violence. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to initiate a comprehensive investigation into these murders, calling for accountability and justice for the victims and their communities.', 'In 2023, seven transgender women have lost their lives, raising concerns about systemic violence and discrimination against the trans community. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to initiate a federal investigation into these murders to address the ongoing issues of bias and hate crimes targeting transgender individuals.', 'In 2023, at least seven transgender women have lost their lives, sparking calls for justice. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to launch an investigation into these fatalities, advocating for a thorough examination of the circumstances surrounding each case to address systemic issues and ensure accountability.', "In 2023, seven transgender women have fallen victim to violent deaths. In response, Democratic lawmakers are calling for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to launch an investigation into these murders, urging for a thorough examination of each case to address the rising concerns over trans women's safety.", 'In 2023, at least seven transgender women have lost their lives, prompting concern and calls for action. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to initiate an investigation into these fatal incidents, aiming to address the growing issue of violence against transgender individuals.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 2, 'query_len': 96, 'docs_len': 1627, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'In 2023, seven transgender women have been victims of fatal violence. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to initiate a comprehensive investigation into these murders, calling for accountability and justice for the victims and their communities.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'In 2023, seven transgender women have lost their lives, raising concerns about systemic violence and discrimination against the trans community. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to initiate a federal investigation into these murders to address the ongoing issues of bias and hate crimes targeting transgender individuals.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'In 2023, at least seven transgender women have lost their lives, sparking calls for justice. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to launch an investigation into these fatalities, advocating for a thorough examination of the circumstances surrounding each case to address systemic issues and ensure accountability.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "In 2023, seven transgender women have fallen victim to violent deaths. In response, Democratic lawmakers are calling for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to launch an investigation into these murders, urging for a thorough examination of each case to address the rising concerns over trans women's safety.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'In 2023, at least seven transgender women have lost their lives, prompting concern and calls for action. In response, Democratic lawmakers are urging Attorney General Jeff Sessions to initiate an investigation into these fatal incidents, aiming to address the growing issue of violence against transgender individuals.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 871):
Original:     China plans a new moon probe in response to possible return there by U.S.
Reformulated: China plans a new moon probe in response to possible return there by U.S. China plans a new moon probe in response to possible return there by U.S. China plans a new moon probe in response to possible...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['China is set to launch a new lunar probe as part of its ongoing lunar exploration program. This move comes in direct response to reports suggesting the possibility of a potential U.S. return mission to the Moon. The Chinese Space Agency aims to strengthen its presence and research capabilities on the lunar surface, emphasizing scientific exploration and potential resource utilization.', "China has announced plans for a new lunar probe as a strategic response to the possibility of a U.S. return mission to the Moon. This development underscores China's growing space ambitions and its intent to maintain a strong presence in lunar exploration. Scheduled for launch in 2024, the probe aims to conduct scientific research, including mineral surveys and environmental assessments, while also enhancing China's technological capabilities in deep space missions.", "China is set to launch a new lunar probe in response to the United States' potential plans to return astronauts to the Moon. This mission, part of China's ongoing lunar exploration program, aims to enhance scientific understanding of the Moon and establish a stronger foothold in space research and technology. The probe is expected to conduct detailed surveys of lunar terrain, collect valuable data, and potentially support future Chinese missions to the Moon.", "China has announced plans for a new lunar probe as a strategic response to the possibility of the United States returning to the Moon. This move underscores China's growing space ambitions and its desire to maintain a significant presence in lunar exploration and research. Scheduled for launch in the coming years, the probe aims to enhance China's scientific understanding of the Moon and potentially lay the groundwork for future human missions or long-term lunar bases.", "China is set to launch a new lunar probe as part of its ongoing space exploration efforts, responding to potential future U.S. missions to the Moon. The probe, scheduled for launch in 2024, aims to conduct scientific research and potentially establish a robotic base to complement China's existing lunar missions. This move underscores China's ambition to maintain a significant presence in lunar exploration and to address the growing competition in space from other nations."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 73, 'docs_len': 2272, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'China is set to launch a new lunar probe as part of its ongoing lunar exploration program. This move comes in direct response to reports suggesting the possibility of a potential U.S. return mission to the Moon. The Chinese Space Agency aims to strengthen its presence and research capabilities on the lunar surface, emphasizing scientific exploration and potential resource utilization.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "China has announced plans for a new lunar probe as a strategic response to the possibility of a U.S. return mission to the Moon. This development underscores China's growing space ambitions and its intent to maintain a strong presence in lunar exploration. Scheduled for launch in 2024, the probe aims to conduct scientific research, including mineral surveys and environmental assessments, while also enhancing China's technological capabilities in deep space missions.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "China is set to launch a new lunar probe in response to the United States' potential plans to return astronauts to the Moon. This mission, part of China's ongoing lunar exploration program, aims to enhance scientific understanding of the Moon and establish a stronger foothold in space research and technology. The probe is expected to conduct detailed surveys of lunar terrain, collect valuable data, and potentially support future Chinese missions to the Moon.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "China has announced plans for a new lunar probe as a strategic response to the possibility of the United States returning to the Moon. This move underscores China's growing space ambitions and its desire to maintain a significant presence in lunar exploration and research. Scheduled for launch in the coming years, the probe aims to enhance China's scientific understanding of the Moon and potentially lay the groundwork for future human missions or long-term lunar bases.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "China is set to launch a new lunar probe as part of its ongoing space exploration efforts, responding to potential future U.S. missions to the Moon. The probe, scheduled for launch in 2024, aims to conduct scientific research and potentially establish a robotic base to complement China's existing lunar missions. This move underscores China's ambition to maintain a significant presence in lunar exploration and to address the growing competition in space from other nations."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 872):
Original:     Since Sandy Hook, at least 374 children have been killed in homicides committed with guns.
Reformulated: Since Sandy Hook, at least 374 children have been killed in homicides committed with guns. Since Sandy Hook, at least 374 children have been killed in homicides committed with guns. Since the Sandy Ho...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, at least 374 children have fallen victim to gun homicides. This tragic statistic highlights the ongoing issue of gun violence affecting America's youngest members.", "Since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, at least 374 children have fallen victim to gun homicides. This stark statistic underscores the ongoing tragedy and highlights the critical need for comprehensive gun safety measures to protect America's youth.", 'Since the Sandy Hook tragedy in 2012, at least 374 children have fallen victim to gun homicide. This stark statistic highlights the ongoing issue of firearm violence against minors in the United States.', "Since the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook in 2012, at least 374 children across the United States have fallen victim to gun homicides. This statistic highlights the ongoing issue of gun violence affecting America's youngest members, emphasizing the need for comprehensive gun control measures and community-based interventions to protect vulnerable populations.", 'Since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, at least 374 children under the age of 18 have lost their lives to gun-related homicides. This statistic underscores the ongoing issue of gun violence affecting young individuals in the United States.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 2, 'query_len': 90, 'docs_len': 1255, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, at least 374 children have fallen victim to gun homicides. This tragic statistic highlights the ongoing issue of gun violence affecting America's youngest members.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, at least 374 children have fallen victim to gun homicides. This stark statistic underscores the ongoing tragedy and highlights the critical need for comprehensive gun safety measures to protect America's youth.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Since the Sandy Hook tragedy in 2012, at least 374 children have fallen victim to gun homicide. This stark statistic highlights the ongoing issue of firearm violence against minors in the United States.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Since the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook in 2012, at least 374 children across the United States have fallen victim to gun homicides. This statistic highlights the ongoing issue of gun violence affecting America's youngest members, emphasizing the need for comprehensive gun control measures and community-based interventions to protect vulnerable populations.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, at least 374 children under the age of 18 have lost their lives to gun-related homicides. This statistic underscores the ongoing issue of gun violence affecting young individuals in the United States.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 873):
Original:     U.N. discovers that some peacekeepers have disturbing pasts
Reformulated: U.N. discovers that some peacekeepers have disturbing pasts U.N. discovers that some peacekeepers have disturbing pasts U.N. discovers that some peacekeepers have disturbing pasts U.N. discovers that ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['In a recent investigation, the United Nations (U.N.) has uncovered disturbing pasts among some of its peacekeeping forces. These revelations include instances of alleged misconduct, human rights violations, and criminal activities prior to their service as peacekeepers. The findings have sparked calls for thorough background checks and more rigorous vetting processes to ensure the integrity of U.N. missions.', 'In a recent investigation, the United Nations (UN) discovered concerning information regarding some of its peacekeeping forces. Preliminary findings indicate that a small but significant number of peacekeepers have backgrounds involving criminal activities, human rights violations, and allegations of abuse. The UN has launched an extensive review to address these issues and ensure that only individuals with clean records are deployed in future missions.', "The United Nations has uncovered troubling information regarding some of its peacekeeping personnel, revealing that a few have backgrounds involving human rights violations, sexual exploitation, and corruption. These discoveries have raised serious concerns about vetting processes and oversight mechanisms within the peacekeeping units, prompting an urgent review and strengthening of protocols to ensure the integrity of the organization's mission.", "In a recent investigation, the United Nations (UN) uncovered disturbing pasts for a small number of its peacekeeping forces. The findings revealed instances of misconduct, including human rights abuses and corruption. These discoveries have sparked calls for stricter background checks and accountability measures within the UN's peacekeeping operations to ensure that only individuals with clean records are deployed in conflict zones.", 'In a recent investigation, the United Nations (UN) discovered that several peacekeepers from various countries have disturbing pasts, including allegations of involvement in sexual exploitation, human rights violations, and criminal activities. These findings have sparked concerns about the vetting process and the need for stricter background checks before deploying peacekeepers. The UN has launched an internal review to address these issues and improve its oversight mechanisms.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 59, 'docs_len': 2241, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'In a recent investigation, the United Nations (U.N.) has uncovered disturbing pasts among some of its peacekeeping forces. These revelations include instances of alleged misconduct, human rights violations, and criminal activities prior to their service as peacekeepers. The findings have sparked calls for thorough background checks and more rigorous vetting processes to ensure the integrity of U.N. missions.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'In a recent investigation, the United Nations (UN) discovered concerning information regarding some of its peacekeeping forces. Preliminary findings indicate that a small but significant number of peacekeepers have backgrounds involving criminal activities, human rights violations, and allegations of abuse. The UN has launched an extensive review to address these issues and ensure that only individuals with clean records are deployed in future missions.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "The United Nations has uncovered troubling information regarding some of its peacekeeping personnel, revealing that a few have backgrounds involving human rights violations, sexual exploitation, and corruption. These discoveries have raised serious concerns about vetting processes and oversight mechanisms within the peacekeeping units, prompting an urgent review and strengthening of protocols to ensure the integrity of the organization's mission.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "In a recent investigation, the United Nations (UN) uncovered disturbing pasts for a small number of its peacekeeping forces. The findings revealed instances of misconduct, including human rights abuses and corruption. These discoveries have sparked calls for stricter background checks and accountability measures within the UN's peacekeeping operations to ensure that only individuals with clean records are deployed in conflict zones.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'In a recent investigation, the United Nations (UN) discovered that several peacekeepers from various countries have disturbing pasts, including allegations of involvement in sexual exploitation, human rights violations, and criminal activities. These findings have sparked concerns about the vetting process and the need for stricter background checks before deploying peacekeepers. The UN has launched an internal review to address these issues and improve its oversight mechanisms.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 830):
Original:     Scientists discover new frog species small enough to sit on a fingernail
Reformulated: Scientists discover new frog species small enough to sit on a fingernail Scientists discover new frog species small enough to sit on a fingernail Scientists discover new frog species small enough to s...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Scientists have recently discovered a new frog species in the rainforests of South America, which is exceptionally tiny, measuring less than 10 millimeters in length. This minuscule amphibian can easily sit on a fingernail, making it one of the smallest frogs ever recorded. The discovery, published in a leading scientific journal, highlights the ongoing biodiversity of the region and the importance of conservation efforts. This species, named *Brachycephalus daltoni* after the Brazilian herpetologist Dalton Vargas, has vibrant orange skin and unique skeletal features that distinguish it from other known species. Researchers believe this new find', "In a recent discovery, scientists have identified a new frog species that is exceptionally small, measuring less than 10 millimeters in length. This tiny amphibian can easily fit on a fingernail, making it one of the smallest known frogs in the world. Discovered in the rainforests of Southeast Asia, this new species adds to the diversity of the region's fauna. Due to its diminutive size, researchers are now exploring its unique adaptations and the ecological niche it occupies.", 'Scientists have recently discovered a new species of frog that measures less than a centimeter in length, making it small enough to perch on a fingernail. This minuscule amphibian was found in the dense rainforests of Southeast Asia and has been provisionally named *Nanosauropsis minimus*. Its discovery highlights the ongoing biodiversity in these regions and underscores the importance of continued conservation efforts.', 'Scientists have discovered a new species of frog in the rainforests of South America, which can fit comfortably on a fingernail. This miniature amphibian, named *Microhyla nepenthicola*, measures just 10 millimeters in length, making it one of the smallest known frogs in the world. The discovery was made by researchers studying biodiversity in high-canopy pitcher plants, where these tiny frogs were found clinging to the plant surfaces. This find highlights the ongoing importance of exploring and understanding the diverse ecosystems that still harbor undiscovered species.', 'Scientists have discovered a new species of frog that is remarkably small, measuring just a few millimeters in length. This minuscule amphibian can easily sit on a fingernail, making it one of the smallest frogs known to science. Discovered in the rainforests of Southeast Asia, this new species adds to the biodiversity of the region and highlights the ongoing importance of conservation efforts. Researchers are currently studying its unique adaptations and habitat preferences.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 72, 'docs_len': 2618, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Scientists have recently discovered a new frog species in the rainforests of South America, which is exceptionally tiny, measuring less than 10 millimeters in length. This minuscule amphibian can easily sit on a fingernail, making it one of the smallest frogs ever recorded. The discovery, published in a leading scientific journal, highlights the ongoing biodiversity of the region and the importance of conservation efforts. This species, named *Brachycephalus daltoni* after the Brazilian herpetologist Dalton Vargas, has vibrant orange skin and unique skeletal features that distinguish it from other known species. Researchers believe this new find', 'pseudo_doc_2': "In a recent discovery, scientists have identified a new frog species that is exceptionally small, measuring less than 10 millimeters in length. This tiny amphibian can easily fit on a fingernail, making it one of the smallest known frogs in the world. Discovered in the rainforests of Southeast Asia, this new species adds to the diversity of the region's fauna. Due to its diminutive size, researchers are now exploring its unique adaptations and the ecological niche it occupies.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Scientists have recently discovered a new species of frog that measures less than a centimeter in length, making it small enough to perch on a fingernail. This minuscule amphibian was found in the dense rainforests of Southeast Asia and has been provisionally named *Nanosauropsis minimus*. Its discovery highlights the ongoing biodiversity in these regions and underscores the importance of continued conservation efforts.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Scientists have discovered a new species of frog in the rainforests of South America, which can fit comfortably on a fingernail. This miniature amphibian, named *Microhyla nepenthicola*, measures just 10 millimeters in length, making it one of the smallest known frogs in the world. The discovery was made by researchers studying biodiversity in high-canopy pitcher plants, where these tiny frogs were found clinging to the plant surfaces. This find highlights the ongoing importance of exploring and understanding the diverse ecosystems that still harbor undiscovered species.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Scientists have discovered a new species of frog that is remarkably small, measuring just a few millimeters in length. This minuscule amphibian can easily sit on a fingernail, making it one of the smallest frogs known to science. Discovered in the rainforests of Southeast Asia, this new species adds to the biodiversity of the region and highlights the ongoing importance of conservation efforts. Researchers are currently studying its unique adaptations and habitat preferences.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 874):
Original:     How not to flip out when flipping a house
Reformulated: How not to flip out when flipping a house How not to flip out when flipping a house How not to flip out when flipping a house How not to flip out when flipping a house How not to flip out when flippin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['When flipping a house, it\'s crucial to manage stress effectively to avoid "flipping out." First, prepare thoroughly by conducting a detailed inspection and creating a realistic budget. Keep communication lines open with contractors and vendors to address issues promptly. Maintain flexibility in your plans to adapt to unexpected challenges. Stay organized by keeping detailed records of all expenses and revenues. Lastly, prioritize self-care to maintain your mental health throughout the project. By staying prepared, flexible, and well-organized, you can navigate the complexities of house flipping with ease.', "When flipping a house, it's crucial to manage stress effectively. First, meticulously plan your project by setting realistic timelines and budgets. Regularly update your plans as needed, but avoid over-complicating them. Second, stay organized by keeping detailed records of all expenses and transactions. This will help you make informed decisions and avoid surprises. Third, maintain open lines of communication with contractors and vendors to address issues promptly. Lastly, take care of your mental health by taking breaks and seeking support when needed. Remember, a calm and focused approach leads to successful outcomes.", "When flipping a house, it's crucial to manage stress effectively. First, meticulous planning and research can significantly reduce uncertainty. Create a detailed budget and timeline to account for unexpected expenses and delays. Second, build a reliable network of contractors and suppliers; their expertise and responsiveness can mitigate many issues. Third, maintain open communication with your team and clients to address concerns promptly. Lastly, prioritize self-care—schedule breaks, stay organized, and seek support when needed. By staying organized and proactive, you can navigate the challenges of house flipping more smoothly.", "When flipping a house, it's crucial to manage stress effectively. First, conduct thorough research and prepare a detailed budget to account for unexpected expenses. Secondly, build a reliable network of contractors and suppliers to ensure smooth progress. Set realistic timelines and communicate openly with your team to address issues promptly. Lastly, stay organized by maintaining a clear project plan and regularly updating it as needed. By staying informed, prepared, and communicative, you can navigate the challenges of house flipping with confidence and avoid unnecessary stress.", 'When flipping a house, it\'s easy to get overwhelmed. To avoid "flipping out," stay organized by creating a detailed budget and timeline. Regularly review these documents to keep your project on track. Communicate effectively with contractors and suppliers to ensure timely deliveries and work. Maintain a buffer in your budget for unexpected expenses. Stay informed about local real estate trends and market values to make smart decisions. Finally, take breaks and manage stress through relaxation techniques like exercise or meditation. By staying prepared and calm, you can successfully navigate the challenges of house flipping without losing your cool.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3124, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'When flipping a house, it\'s crucial to manage stress effectively to avoid "flipping out." First, prepare thoroughly by conducting a detailed inspection and creating a realistic budget. Keep communication lines open with contractors and vendors to address issues promptly. Maintain flexibility in your plans to adapt to unexpected challenges. Stay organized by keeping detailed records of all expenses and revenues. Lastly, prioritize self-care to maintain your mental health throughout the project. By staying prepared, flexible, and well-organized, you can navigate the complexities of house flipping with ease.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "When flipping a house, it's crucial to manage stress effectively. First, meticulously plan your project by setting realistic timelines and budgets. Regularly update your plans as needed, but avoid over-complicating them. Second, stay organized by keeping detailed records of all expenses and transactions. This will help you make informed decisions and avoid surprises. Third, maintain open lines of communication with contractors and vendors to address issues promptly. Lastly, take care of your mental health by taking breaks and seeking support when needed. Remember, a calm and focused approach leads to successful outcomes.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "When flipping a house, it's crucial to manage stress effectively. First, meticulous planning and research can significantly reduce uncertainty. Create a detailed budget and timeline to account for unexpected expenses and delays. Second, build a reliable network of contractors and suppliers; their expertise and responsiveness can mitigate many issues. Third, maintain open communication with your team and clients to address concerns promptly. Lastly, prioritize self-care—schedule breaks, stay organized, and seek support when needed. By staying organized and proactive, you can navigate the challenges of house flipping more smoothly.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "When flipping a house, it's crucial to manage stress effectively. First, conduct thorough research and prepare a detailed budget to account for unexpected expenses. Secondly, build a reliable network of contractors and suppliers to ensure smooth progress. Set realistic timelines and communicate openly with your team to address issues promptly. Lastly, stay organized by maintaining a clear project plan and regularly updating it as needed. By staying informed, prepared, and communicative, you can navigate the challenges of house flipping with confidence and avoid unnecessary stress.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'When flipping a house, it\'s easy to get overwhelmed. To avoid "flipping out," stay organized by creating a detailed budget and timeline. Regularly review these documents to keep your project on track. Communicate effectively with contractors and suppliers to ensure timely deliveries and work. Maintain a buffer in your budget for unexpected expenses. Stay informed about local real estate trends and market values to make smart decisions. Finally, take breaks and manage stress through relaxation techniques like exercise or meditation. By staying prepared and calm, you can successfully navigate the challenges of house flipping without losing your cool.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 831):
Original:     Trump questions whether key funding source for historically black colleges is constitutional
Reformulated: Trump questions whether key funding source for historically black colleges is constitutional Trump questions whether key funding source for historically black colleges is constitutional Trump question...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["President Donald Trump raised constitutional concerns about a key funding source for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), suggesting that the federal government's support for these institutions may be unconstitutional. During a speech, Trump expressed skepticism about the legality of such funding, sparking debates over federal support for HBCUs and the scope of constitutional authority in education policy.", 'President Donald Trump raised constitutional concerns about a key funding source for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), suggesting that the program may violate the Constitution. His comments came during a speech where he discussed federal support for higher education, highlighting ongoing debates over the legitimacy and scope of government funding for HBCUs.', "President Donald Trump expressed doubts about the constitutionality of a key funding mechanism for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) during a speech. The funding, provided through the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Act, has been a longstanding source of financial support for these institutions. Trump's comments sparked debate over the role of federal funding in higher education and the constitutional boundaries of such programs.", 'President Donald Trump raised constitutional concerns about a key funding source for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), suggesting that the program may violate federalism principles by involving the federal government in state educational matters. This statement sparked debate over the appropriate role of federal funding in supporting higher education institutions with a focus on minority students.', "President Donald Trump raised questions about the constitutionality of key funding sources for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) during a speech, sparking debate over federal support for these institutions. His comments suggested concerns about the legal basis of such funding, although details remained limited. This assertion has been met with mixed reactions, with some defending the historical and constitutional justification for supporting HBCUs, while others criticized Trump's approach as undermining educational opportunities."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 92, 'docs_len': 2248, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "President Donald Trump raised constitutional concerns about a key funding source for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), suggesting that the federal government's support for these institutions may be unconstitutional. During a speech, Trump expressed skepticism about the legality of such funding, sparking debates over federal support for HBCUs and the scope of constitutional authority in education policy.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'President Donald Trump raised constitutional concerns about a key funding source for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), suggesting that the program may violate the Constitution. His comments came during a speech where he discussed federal support for higher education, highlighting ongoing debates over the legitimacy and scope of government funding for HBCUs.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "President Donald Trump expressed doubts about the constitutionality of a key funding mechanism for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) during a speech. The funding, provided through the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Act, has been a longstanding source of financial support for these institutions. Trump's comments sparked debate over the role of federal funding in higher education and the constitutional boundaries of such programs.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'President Donald Trump raised constitutional concerns about a key funding source for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), suggesting that the program may violate federalism principles by involving the federal government in state educational matters. This statement sparked debate over the appropriate role of federal funding in supporting higher education institutions with a focus on minority students.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "President Donald Trump raised questions about the constitutionality of key funding sources for historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) during a speech, sparking debate over federal support for these institutions. His comments suggested concerns about the legal basis of such funding, although details remained limited. This assertion has been met with mixed reactions, with some defending the historical and constitutional justification for supporting HBCUs, while others criticized Trump's approach as undermining educational opportunities."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 875):
Original:     Chipotle’s new burger concept is just too Tasty for one competitor
Reformulated: Chipotle’s new burger concept is just too Tasty for one competitor Chipotle’s new burger concept is just too Tasty for one competitor Chipotle’s new burger concept is just too Tasty for one competitor...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept, which has been met with significant enthusiasm. This new offering is proving to be exceptionally popular, putting intense pressure on traditional burger competitors in the market. The unique blend of Chipotle's signature flavor profile with their signature fast-casual approach is making it difficult for other brands to match, thus keeping the competition on high alert.", 'Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept that has caught the attention of its competitors. The innovative menu item, characterized by its unique blend of flavors and quality ingredients, has proven to be exceptionally popular among customers. This surge in demand has put significant pressure on rival fast-food chains, who are struggling to match Chipotle\'s latest offering, which they find "too tasty" to compete with effectively.', "Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept that has caught the attention of the fast-food industry. The new offering has proven to be exceptionally popular, making it a formidable challenge for its main competitor, McDonald's. With its unique blend of fresh ingredients and innovative preparation methods, Chipotle's burgers have become a hit among consumers, setting a new standard in the quick-service restaurant sector. This culinary breakthrough not only highlights Chipotle's ability to adapt and innovate but also underscores the intense competitive landscape in the fast-food industry.", 'Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept that has significantly boosted its market presence. This innovative offering has proven to be so appealing that it has given a notable competitive edge to its restaurant chain, leaving one major competitor struggling to keep up with the increased customer traffic and demand.', "Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept, which has proven to be so popular that it's posing a significant challenge to its primary competitor, particularly in terms of customer satisfaction and sales growth. This new offering has garnered considerable attention due to its innovative blend of flavors and high-quality ingredients, making it a tough competitor in the fast-casual dining market."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 66, 'docs_len': 2214, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept, which has been met with significant enthusiasm. This new offering is proving to be exceptionally popular, putting intense pressure on traditional burger competitors in the market. The unique blend of Chipotle's signature flavor profile with their signature fast-casual approach is making it difficult for other brands to match, thus keeping the competition on high alert.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept that has caught the attention of its competitors. The innovative menu item, characterized by its unique blend of flavors and quality ingredients, has proven to be exceptionally popular among customers. This surge in demand has put significant pressure on rival fast-food chains, who are struggling to match Chipotle\'s latest offering, which they find "too tasty" to compete with effectively.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept that has caught the attention of the fast-food industry. The new offering has proven to be exceptionally popular, making it a formidable challenge for its main competitor, McDonald's. With its unique blend of fresh ingredients and innovative preparation methods, Chipotle's burgers have become a hit among consumers, setting a new standard in the quick-service restaurant sector. This culinary breakthrough not only highlights Chipotle's ability to adapt and innovate but also underscores the intense competitive landscape in the fast-food industry.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept that has significantly boosted its market presence. This innovative offering has proven to be so appealing that it has given a notable competitive edge to its restaurant chain, leaving one major competitor struggling to keep up with the increased customer traffic and demand.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Chipotle has recently introduced a new burger concept, which has proven to be so popular that it's posing a significant challenge to its primary competitor, particularly in terms of customer satisfaction and sales growth. This new offering has garnered considerable attention due to its innovative blend of flavors and high-quality ingredients, making it a tough competitor in the fast-casual dining market."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 832):
Original:     The apparent murder-suicide of a death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife
Reformulated: The apparent murder-suicide of a death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife The apparent murder-suicide of a death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife The apparent murder-suicide of a death...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A recent event shocked the community of death-with-dignity advocates when a prominent supporter was found dead alongside his terminally ill wife at their home. The apparent murder-suicide has sparked intense debate about the ethical boundaries of assisted dying and the support systems available for those facing end-of-life decisions.', 'In a tragic turn of events, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife were found deceased in their home. The incident has raised questions about the ethical boundaries and emotional impacts of assisted suicide advocacy. Authorities are investigating the case to determine the exact circumstances leading to the apparent murder-suicide, while supporters and critics of the death-with-dignity movement grapple with the complex implications of this tragic event.', 'In a shocking turn of events, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate was found dead alongside his ailing wife in their home. The circumstances surrounding their deaths suggest an apparent murder-suicide, prompting widespread debate about the ethical implications and emotional complexities involved in end-of-life choices. The couple, known for advocating strongly in favor of legalizing physician-assisted suicide, had been at the forefront of discussions on patient autonomy and end-of-life care. Their tragic case has reignited conversations about the psychological support needed for individuals and families facing such decisions.', 'In a shocking turn of events, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife were found deceased in their home. Local authorities confirmed it as an apparent murder-suicide, prompting a swift investigation into the circumstances surrounding their deaths. The advocate, known for advocating for legal euthanasia and palliative care options, had been vocal about his commitment to helping terminally ill patients achieve peaceful end-of-life choices. His wife, suffering from a debilitating illness, was believed to have been seeking similar assistance. The community is mourning the loss of both individuals, while grappling with the complexities of end-of-life care and personal autonomy.', 'A recent incident involving the apparent murder-suicide of Dr. Emily Carter, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate, and her ailing husband has sparked controversy and debate. The tragic event occurred at their home, where local authorities discovered the bodies. Dr. Carter was known for advocating for legal access to assisted suicide for terminally ill patients, a stance that has garnered both support and criticism. The circumstances surrounding the deaths are currently under investigation, with authorities looking into whether it qualifies as voluntary euthanasia or if other factors were involved. This event has reignited discussions about end-of-life care and the rights of terminally ill individuals to'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 80, 'docs_len': 2868, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A recent event shocked the community of death-with-dignity advocates when a prominent supporter was found dead alongside his terminally ill wife at their home. The apparent murder-suicide has sparked intense debate about the ethical boundaries of assisted dying and the support systems available for those facing end-of-life decisions.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'In a tragic turn of events, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife were found deceased in their home. The incident has raised questions about the ethical boundaries and emotional impacts of assisted suicide advocacy. Authorities are investigating the case to determine the exact circumstances leading to the apparent murder-suicide, while supporters and critics of the death-with-dignity movement grapple with the complex implications of this tragic event.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'In a shocking turn of events, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate was found dead alongside his ailing wife in their home. The circumstances surrounding their deaths suggest an apparent murder-suicide, prompting widespread debate about the ethical implications and emotional complexities involved in end-of-life choices. The couple, known for advocating strongly in favor of legalizing physician-assisted suicide, had been at the forefront of discussions on patient autonomy and end-of-life care. Their tragic case has reignited conversations about the psychological support needed for individuals and families facing such decisions.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'In a shocking turn of events, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate and his ailing wife were found deceased in their home. Local authorities confirmed it as an apparent murder-suicide, prompting a swift investigation into the circumstances surrounding their deaths. The advocate, known for advocating for legal euthanasia and palliative care options, had been vocal about his commitment to helping terminally ill patients achieve peaceful end-of-life choices. His wife, suffering from a debilitating illness, was believed to have been seeking similar assistance. The community is mourning the loss of both individuals, while grappling with the complexities of end-of-life care and personal autonomy.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A recent incident involving the apparent murder-suicide of Dr. Emily Carter, a prominent death-with-dignity advocate, and her ailing husband has sparked controversy and debate. The tragic event occurred at their home, where local authorities discovered the bodies. Dr. Carter was known for advocating for legal access to assisted suicide for terminally ill patients, a stance that has garnered both support and criticism. The circumstances surrounding the deaths are currently under investigation, with authorities looking into whether it qualifies as voluntary euthanasia or if other factors were involved. This event has reignited discussions about end-of-life care and the rights of terminally ill individuals to'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 876):
Original:     How do couples live in tiny homes without killing each other?
Reformulated: How do couples live in tiny homes without killing each other? How do couples live in tiny homes without killing each other? How do couples live in tiny homes without killing each other? How do couples...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Couples living in tiny homes often maintain a harmonious environment through effective communication and organization. Setting clear boundaries, sharing responsibilities, and establishing routines can help prevent conflicts. Many find it beneficial to agree on rules regarding personal space and shared areas. Regularly discussing needs and preferences ensures both partners feel heard and valued. Additionally, choosing a flexible layout that accommodates both individuals' habits and activities can contribute to a more peaceful cohabitation in such a compact space.", 'Couples living in tiny homes require effective communication and compromise to avoid conflicts. Establishing clear boundaries, sharing responsibilities, and maintaining open dialogue about needs and desires are crucial. Allocating specific spaces for personal activities and shared areas can also help prevent territorial disputes. Regularly scheduling quality time together ensures that both partners feel valued and connected. By fostering a mindset of teamwork and mutual respect, couples can thrive in the limited space of a tiny home.', 'Living in a tiny home as a couple requires effective communication, mutual respect, and a clear understanding of shared space. Establishing routines and maintaining open lines of communication about personal boundaries and needs is crucial. Couples often benefit from setting designated areas for work, relaxation, and hobbies to minimize conflict. Additionally, adopting flexible living habits, such as rotating responsibilities and sharing chores, helps maintain a harmonious environment. Regularly discussing any frustrations or changes can prevent small issues from escalating into bigger problems.', 'Couples living in tiny homes can maintain harmony by establishing clear communication, setting shared goals, and practicing compromise. Creating designated personal spaces and maintaining a clean environment also helps. Regularly discussing household chores and responsibilities ensures both partners feel valued and involved. Lastly, engaging in activities outside the home can provide necessary space and reduce stress, fostering a healthier cohabitation dynamic.', "Living in a tiny home as a couple can be challenging but manageable with effective communication and compromise. Establishing clear boundaries and routines helps prevent conflicts. It's crucial to share responsibilities and maintain a clean living space. Engaging in regular discussions about shared goals and personal needs ensures mutual understanding and respect. Additionally, planning activities outside the home can provide needed personal space while strengthening the relationship."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 61, 'docs_len': 2667, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Couples living in tiny homes often maintain a harmonious environment through effective communication and organization. Setting clear boundaries, sharing responsibilities, and establishing routines can help prevent conflicts. Many find it beneficial to agree on rules regarding personal space and shared areas. Regularly discussing needs and preferences ensures both partners feel heard and valued. Additionally, choosing a flexible layout that accommodates both individuals' habits and activities can contribute to a more peaceful cohabitation in such a compact space.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Couples living in tiny homes require effective communication and compromise to avoid conflicts. Establishing clear boundaries, sharing responsibilities, and maintaining open dialogue about needs and desires are crucial. Allocating specific spaces for personal activities and shared areas can also help prevent territorial disputes. Regularly scheduling quality time together ensures that both partners feel valued and connected. By fostering a mindset of teamwork and mutual respect, couples can thrive in the limited space of a tiny home.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Living in a tiny home as a couple requires effective communication, mutual respect, and a clear understanding of shared space. Establishing routines and maintaining open lines of communication about personal boundaries and needs is crucial. Couples often benefit from setting designated areas for work, relaxation, and hobbies to minimize conflict. Additionally, adopting flexible living habits, such as rotating responsibilities and sharing chores, helps maintain a harmonious environment. Regularly discussing any frustrations or changes can prevent small issues from escalating into bigger problems.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Couples living in tiny homes can maintain harmony by establishing clear communication, setting shared goals, and practicing compromise. Creating designated personal spaces and maintaining a clean environment also helps. Regularly discussing household chores and responsibilities ensures both partners feel valued and involved. Lastly, engaging in activities outside the home can provide necessary space and reduce stress, fostering a healthier cohabitation dynamic.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Living in a tiny home as a couple can be challenging but manageable with effective communication and compromise. Establishing clear boundaries and routines helps prevent conflicts. It's crucial to share responsibilities and maintain a clean living space. Engaging in regular discussions about shared goals and personal needs ensures mutual understanding and respect. Additionally, planning activities outside the home can provide needed personal space while strengthening the relationship."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

