Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 915593):
Original:     what types of food can you cook sous vide
Reformulated: what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sure, here's a passage relevant to the query:\n\nSous vide cooking can be used for a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef steaks, chicken breasts, and pork chops), fish (like salmon, trout, and halibut), eggs, vegetables (like carrots, broccoli, and asparagus), and even desserts like custards and cheesecakes. The precise temperature control allows for uniform cooking, ensuring that all parts of the food reach the desired doneness without overcooking. This method is particularly useful for achieving tender textures in tougher cuts of meat and perfectly cooked, moist results in delicate ingredients.", 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and can be used for a wide range of foods. Commonly cooked items include meats like beef, chicken, and pork; fish such as salmon, trout, and tuna; and vegetables like potatoes, carrots, and green beans. Eggs can be perfectly poached or hard-boiled, while dairy products like yogurt and cheese can also be processed. Fruits can be gently cooked or preserved, and even desserts like panna cotta can be made with precision. The method is ideal for achieving consistent results, making it popular among home cooks and professional chefs alike.', 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef, pork, and chicken), fish (like salmon, trout, and halibut), eggs, vegetables (such as carrots, broccoli, and potatoes), and even desserts like custards and ice cream. This method allows for precise temperature control, ensuring that foods are cooked evenly and retain their moisture and tenderness.', 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef steaks, chicken breasts, and pork chops), fish (like salmon, trout, and halibut), and vegetables (including carrots, broccoli, and asparagus). Eggs, whether boiled or poached, also benefit from this precise temperature control method. Dairy products like yogurt and cheese can be perfectly preserved, and even complex dishes such as soups, stews, and sauces can be prepared with consistent results. The technique is versatile enough to handle both delicate and robust ingredients, ensuring they retain their moisture, texture, and flavor while achieving', 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and can be used for a wide range of foods. Common items include meats like steak, chicken, and pork, which benefit from precise temperature control for even cooking. Fish such as salmon and trout are also excellent candidates, as they retain moisture and flavor better than with traditional methods. Vegetables like carrots, broccoli, and asparagus can be cooked to perfect tenderness while preserving their color and nutrients. Eggs can be perfectly poached or yolks yolked with this method. Soups and stocks can be prepared more efficiently, ensuring all components are perfectly cooked without overcooking. Desserts, such as'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 2884, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sure, here's a passage relevant to the query:\n\nSous vide cooking can be used for a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef steaks, chicken breasts, and pork chops), fish (like salmon, trout, and halibut), eggs, vegetables (like carrots, broccoli, and asparagus), and even desserts like custards and cheesecakes. The precise temperature control allows for uniform cooking, ensuring that all parts of the food reach the desired doneness without overcooking. This method is particularly useful for achieving tender textures in tougher cuts of meat and perfectly cooked, moist results in delicate ingredients.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and can be used for a wide range of foods. Commonly cooked items include meats like beef, chicken, and pork; fish such as salmon, trout, and tuna; and vegetables like potatoes, carrots, and green beans. Eggs can be perfectly poached or hard-boiled, while dairy products like yogurt and cheese can also be processed. Fruits can be gently cooked or preserved, and even desserts like panna cotta can be made with precision. The method is ideal for achieving consistent results, making it popular among home cooks and professional chefs alike.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef, pork, and chicken), fish (like salmon, trout, and halibut), eggs, vegetables (such as carrots, broccoli, and potatoes), and even desserts like custards and ice cream. This method allows for precise temperature control, ensuring that foods are cooked evenly and retain their moisture and tenderness.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef steaks, chicken breasts, and pork chops), fish (like salmon, trout, and halibut), and vegetables (including carrots, broccoli, and asparagus). Eggs, whether boiled or poached, also benefit from this precise temperature control method. Dairy products like yogurt and cheese can be perfectly preserved, and even complex dishes such as soups, stews, and sauces can be prepared with consistent results. The technique is versatile enough to handle both delicate and robust ingredients, ensuring they retain their moisture, texture, and flavor while achieving', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and can be used for a wide range of foods. Common items include meats like steak, chicken, and pork, which benefit from precise temperature control for even cooking. Fish such as salmon and trout are also excellent candidates, as they retain moisture and flavor better than with traditional methods. Vegetables like carrots, broccoli, and asparagus can be cooked to perfect tenderness while preserving their color and nutrients. Eggs can be perfectly poached or yolks yolked with this method. Soups and stocks can be prepared more efficiently, ensuring all components are perfectly cooked without overcooking. Desserts, such as'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 794429):
Original:     what is sculpture shape space
Reformulated: what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture sh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sculpture shape space refers to the multidimensional conceptual framework used by artists to explore and express forms in three-dimensional space. This space encompasses all possible shapes and configurations that can be physically realized in sculpture, from simple geometric forms like spheres and cubes to complex organic shapes inspired by natural forms. Sculptors use this space to manipulate volume, surface, and spatial relationships, creating works that interact with light, shadow, and the viewer's perspective. By navigating through this space, artists can convey a wide range of emotions, ideas, and narratives through the physicality of their work.", 'Sculpture often explores the interplay between shape and space. Shape refers to the external form of the sculptural object, encompassing its lines, surfaces, and volume. Space, in contrast, includes both the positive (the form itself) and negative (the surrounding void) elements within the sculpture. Together, these dimensions create a three-dimensional composition that engages viewers from multiple angles and perspectives, allowing them to experience the work in depth and in relation to their own bodies and surroundings.', 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that occupies and manipulates space to create a tangible object. The shape of a sculpture refers to its external contours and forms, which can vary widely from simple geometric shapes like spheres or cubes to more complex organic forms. Sculptural space encompasses both the physical space the artwork occupies and the surrounding space it interacts with. This interplay between the sculpture and its environment creates a dynamic relationship, influencing how viewers perceive and experience the piece. By shaping and manipulating this space, artists can evoke emotions, tell stories, and challenge perceptions, making sculpture a rich and versatile medium in the visual arts.', "Sculpture shape refers to the physical form or outline of a three-dimensional artwork. It encompasses the external contours and boundaries that define the sculpture's structure. Shape in sculpture can range from simple geometric forms like spheres, cubes, and cylinders to more complex and organic shapes that mimic natural forms. Sculptural space, on the other hand, involves the use of positive and negative spaces. Positive space refers to the actual form of the sculpture itself, while negative space is the area around and between the forms, creating a sense of openness and depth. Together, these elements contribute to the overall composition and visual impact of the sculpture, allowing it to", "Sculpture shape refers to the physical forms and contours created in three-dimensional art. These shapes can range from simple geometric forms like cubes and spheres to more complex organic forms inspired by nature. Shape space, in sculptural terms, encompasses the volume and spatial relationships within and around these forms. It involves understanding how different shapes interact with each other and the surrounding environment, influencing the overall aesthetic and the viewer's perception. Sculptors use various techniques to manipulate shape space, such as carving, casting, and assembling materials, to create works that engage with light, shadow, and the viewer's body in the gallery or outdoor space."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 29, 'docs_len': 3322, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sculpture shape space refers to the multidimensional conceptual framework used by artists to explore and express forms in three-dimensional space. This space encompasses all possible shapes and configurations that can be physically realized in sculpture, from simple geometric forms like spheres and cubes to complex organic shapes inspired by natural forms. Sculptors use this space to manipulate volume, surface, and spatial relationships, creating works that interact with light, shadow, and the viewer's perspective. By navigating through this space, artists can convey a wide range of emotions, ideas, and narratives through the physicality of their work.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sculpture often explores the interplay between shape and space. Shape refers to the external form of the sculptural object, encompassing its lines, surfaces, and volume. Space, in contrast, includes both the positive (the form itself) and negative (the surrounding void) elements within the sculpture. Together, these dimensions create a three-dimensional composition that engages viewers from multiple angles and perspectives, allowing them to experience the work in depth and in relation to their own bodies and surroundings.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that occupies and manipulates space to create a tangible object. The shape of a sculpture refers to its external contours and forms, which can vary widely from simple geometric shapes like spheres or cubes to more complex organic forms. Sculptural space encompasses both the physical space the artwork occupies and the surrounding space it interacts with. This interplay between the sculpture and its environment creates a dynamic relationship, influencing how viewers perceive and experience the piece. By shaping and manipulating this space, artists can evoke emotions, tell stories, and challenge perceptions, making sculpture a rich and versatile medium in the visual arts.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Sculpture shape refers to the physical form or outline of a three-dimensional artwork. It encompasses the external contours and boundaries that define the sculpture's structure. Shape in sculpture can range from simple geometric forms like spheres, cubes, and cylinders to more complex and organic shapes that mimic natural forms. Sculptural space, on the other hand, involves the use of positive and negative spaces. Positive space refers to the actual form of the sculpture itself, while negative space is the area around and between the forms, creating a sense of openness and depth. Together, these elements contribute to the overall composition and visual impact of the sculpture, allowing it to", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Sculpture shape refers to the physical forms and contours created in three-dimensional art. These shapes can range from simple geometric forms like cubes and spheres to more complex organic forms inspired by nature. Shape space, in sculptural terms, encompasses the volume and spatial relationships within and around these forms. It involves understanding how different shapes interact with each other and the surrounding environment, influencing the overall aesthetic and the viewer's perception. Sculptors use various techniques to manipulate shape space, such as carving, casting, and assembling materials, to create works that engage with light, shadow, and the viewer's body in the gallery or outdoor space."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 801118):
Original:     what is supplemental security income used for
Reformulated: what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is suppleme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used for various essential expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and medical and dental care. Recipients can allocate these benefits to meet their basic living needs without any restrictions, ensuring they have the means to cover necessary costs and maintain a minimum standard of living.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used for various essential expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and medical expenses. Recipients may use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have access to necessary goods and services without financial strain.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to low-income individuals who are aged, blind, or have a disability. SSI funds can be used for a wide range of necessities, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical expenses. Recipients can use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have the means to maintain a minimally adequate standard of living without financial strain.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits are used to cover essential living expenses such as food, clothing, shelter, and medical care. Recipients can use these funds to help meet their basic needs, ensuring they have access to necessary healthcare services, medications, and other critical support systems.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used for a variety of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Recipients typically use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have the means to meet their most fundamental needs.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 2219, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used for various essential expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and medical and dental care. Recipients can allocate these benefits to meet their basic living needs without any restrictions, ensuring they have the means to cover necessary costs and maintain a minimum standard of living.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used for various essential expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and medical expenses. Recipients may use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have access to necessary goods and services without financial strain.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to low-income individuals who are aged, blind, or have a disability. SSI funds can be used for a wide range of necessities, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical expenses. Recipients can use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have the means to maintain a minimally adequate standard of living without financial strain.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits are used to cover essential living expenses such as food, clothing, shelter, and medical care. Recipients can use these funds to help meet their basic needs, ensuring they have access to necessary healthcare services, medications, and other critical support systems.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used for a variety of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Recipients typically use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have the means to meet their most fundamental needs.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 190044):
Original:     foods to detox liver naturally
Reformulated: foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, which help in flushing out toxins. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are excellent due to their high antioxidant content. Garlic and turmeric possess anti-inflammatory properties that support liver health. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts aid in detoxification by enhancing liver enzymes. Additionally, drinking plenty of water helps flush out waste products and supports overall liver function. Limiting alcohol and reducing intake of processed foods further aids in liver cleansing.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts, and berries like blueberries and strawberries. Foods high in sulfur, such as garlic and onions, support liver function by aiding in toxin elimination. Additionally, consuming fatty fish like salmon and flaxseeds can provide omega-3 fatty acids, which help reduce inflammation and support liver health. Stay hydrated with plenty of water, and limit intake of alcohol and processed foods to further aid your liver in detoxification.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and sulfur compounds. Opt for cruciferous vegetables like broccoli, Brussels sprouts, and cabbage, which enhance liver enzyme activity. Berries such as blueberries and cherries provide anthocyanins and other antioxidants that help protect liver cells. Garlic and onions contain sulfur compounds that support liver function and aid in toxin elimination. Additionally, consume plenty of fiber-rich foods like apples, flaxseeds, and whole grains to help flush out toxins and improve digestive health, which supports overall liver function. Limit intake of processed foods, alcohol, and sugars to reduce the workload on your', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients such as milk thistle, which supports liver health. Incorporate leafy greens like spinach and kale for their high content of vitamins and minerals. Berries, especially blueberries and strawberries, are excellent due to their flavonoids and anthocyanins. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts help stimulate liver enzymes. Additionally, consuming foods high in healthy fats, such as avocados and olive oil, can aid in liver function. Limit intake of processed foods, alcohol, and sugars to reduce the workload on your liver.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants such as blueberries, artichokes, and leafy greens. Incorporate cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts, which contain sulfur compounds that help support liver function. Garlic and onions also offer beneficial compounds for liver health. Drink plenty of water and consider herbal teas like dandelion root and milk thistle, known for their potential to support liver detoxification processes. Avoid processed foods and limit intake of sugars and unhealthy fats to further aid in liver cleansing.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3166, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, which help in flushing out toxins. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are excellent due to their high antioxidant content. Garlic and turmeric possess anti-inflammatory properties that support liver health. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts aid in detoxification by enhancing liver enzymes. Additionally, drinking plenty of water helps flush out waste products and supports overall liver function. Limiting alcohol and reducing intake of processed foods further aids in liver cleansing.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts, and berries like blueberries and strawberries. Foods high in sulfur, such as garlic and onions, support liver function by aiding in toxin elimination. Additionally, consuming fatty fish like salmon and flaxseeds can provide omega-3 fatty acids, which help reduce inflammation and support liver health. Stay hydrated with plenty of water, and limit intake of alcohol and processed foods to further aid your liver in detoxification.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and sulfur compounds. Opt for cruciferous vegetables like broccoli, Brussels sprouts, and cabbage, which enhance liver enzyme activity. Berries such as blueberries and cherries provide anthocyanins and other antioxidants that help protect liver cells. Garlic and onions contain sulfur compounds that support liver function and aid in toxin elimination. Additionally, consume plenty of fiber-rich foods like apples, flaxseeds, and whole grains to help flush out toxins and improve digestive health, which supports overall liver function. Limit intake of processed foods, alcohol, and sugars to reduce the workload on your', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients such as milk thistle, which supports liver health. Incorporate leafy greens like spinach and kale for their high content of vitamins and minerals. Berries, especially blueberries and strawberries, are excellent due to their flavonoids and anthocyanins. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts help stimulate liver enzymes. Additionally, consuming foods high in healthy fats, such as avocados and olive oil, can aid in liver function. Limit intake of processed foods, alcohol, and sugars to reduce the workload on your liver.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants such as blueberries, artichokes, and leafy greens. Incorporate cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts, which contain sulfur compounds that help support liver function. Garlic and onions also offer beneficial compounds for liver health. Drink plenty of water and consider herbal teas like dandelion root and milk thistle, known for their potential to support liver detoxification processes. Avoid processed foods and limit intake of sugars and unhealthy fats to further aid in liver cleansing.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 451602):
Original:     medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation
Reformulated: medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This process involves connecting the patient to a machine that breathes for them when they are unable to do so on their own due to respiratory failure, injury, or other medical conditions. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part A (Hospital Insurance) if it is necessary for inpatient hospital care, ensuring that patients receive this life-sustaining treatment when medically indicated.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare is defined as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This medical procedure involves connecting a patient to a machine that breathes for them when their natural respiratory function is insufficient. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part B (Medical Insurance) if it is deemed medically necessary by a healthcare provider and provided in a covered setting such as a hospital or skilled nursing facility. Coverage typically includes the equipment, supplies, and ongoing monitoring required during the treatment period.", "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a machine to assist or control a patient's breathing. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator, which delivers air and oxygen to the lungs through a tube inserted into the windpipe (trachea). Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under certain conditions, such as when it is necessary for the treatment of respiratory failure or other medical conditions affecting the lungs or respiratory system.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This procedure involves connecting a patient to a machine that moves air into and out of the lungs, typically for patients who are unable to breathe adequately on their own due to illness, injury, or surgery. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under its Part A (Hospital Insurance) when it is necessary for treatment of a covered condition and is provided by a certified healthcare provider in an eligible setting.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare is defined as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This involves connecting the patient to a machine that helps deliver air and oxygen into the lungs through a tube inserted into the airway. Medicare covers this service when it is medically necessary for patients who cannot breathe adequately on their own, such as those with severe respiratory failure, certain cardiac conditions, or post-surgical needs. Coverage typically requires a physician's order and is subject to Medicare's coverage guidelines and limitations."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 47, 'docs_len': 2691, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This process involves connecting the patient to a machine that breathes for them when they are unable to do so on their own due to respiratory failure, injury, or other medical conditions. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part A (Hospital Insurance) if it is necessary for inpatient hospital care, ensuring that patients receive this life-sustaining treatment when medically indicated.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare is defined as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This medical procedure involves connecting a patient to a machine that breathes for them when their natural respiratory function is insufficient. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part B (Medical Insurance) if it is deemed medically necessary by a healthcare provider and provided in a covered setting such as a hospital or skilled nursing facility. Coverage typically includes the equipment, supplies, and ongoing monitoring required during the treatment period.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a machine to assist or control a patient's breathing. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator, which delivers air and oxygen to the lungs through a tube inserted into the windpipe (trachea). Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under certain conditions, such as when it is necessary for the treatment of respiratory failure or other medical conditions affecting the lungs or respiratory system.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This procedure involves connecting a patient to a machine that moves air into and out of the lungs, typically for patients who are unable to breathe adequately on their own due to illness, injury, or surgery. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under its Part A (Hospital Insurance) when it is necessary for treatment of a covered condition and is provided by a certified healthcare provider in an eligible setting.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare is defined as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This involves connecting the patient to a machine that helps deliver air and oxygen into the lungs through a tube inserted into the airway. Medicare covers this service when it is medically necessary for patients who cannot breathe adequately on their own, such as those with severe respiratory failure, certain cardiac conditions, or post-surgical needs. Coverage typically requires a physician's order and is subject to Medicare's coverage guidelines and limitations."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 177604):
Original:     eating foods that are considered warm
Reformulated: eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foo...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang within the body. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase body warmth, improve circulation, and boost energy levels. Examples include spicy soups, stir-fried vegetables with warming spices, and hot beverages like turmeric tea. Incorporating these foods can be beneficial during colder months or for those experiencing symptoms of coldness in the body.', 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to balance yin and yang energies in the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are thought to boost circulation and internal warmth. These foods are often recommended during cold weather or to combat symptoms like fatigue and weak digestion.', 'Eating foods considered warm in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, is believed to balance yin and yang, providing warmth and energy. These foods can help improve circulation and digestion, making them popular during colder months or in colder climates.', "Eating foods considered 'warm' is a common practice in traditional Chinese medicine. These foods include items like ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are believed to help boost metabolism and increase blood circulation. Examples include hot pot, spicy stir-fries, and soups with warming spices. Warm foods are often recommended during colder months or for individuals experiencing symptoms like cold hands and feet.", 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to help balance yin and yang energies in the body. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase internal heat and can be particularly beneficial during cold seasons or for those experiencing symptoms like cold hands and feet. Examples include warming soups and stews that incorporate these ingredients, which not only provide comfort but also support overall well-being according to TCM principles.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 2073, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang within the body. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase body warmth, improve circulation, and boost energy levels. Examples include spicy soups, stir-fried vegetables with warming spices, and hot beverages like turmeric tea. Incorporating these foods can be beneficial during colder months or for those experiencing symptoms of coldness in the body.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to balance yin and yang energies in the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are thought to boost circulation and internal warmth. These foods are often recommended during cold weather or to combat symptoms like fatigue and weak digestion.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Eating foods considered warm in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, is believed to balance yin and yang, providing warmth and energy. These foods can help improve circulation and digestion, making them popular during colder months or in colder climates.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Eating foods considered 'warm' is a common practice in traditional Chinese medicine. These foods include items like ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are believed to help boost metabolism and increase blood circulation. Examples include hot pot, spicy stir-fries, and soups with warming spices. Warm foods are often recommended during colder months or for individuals experiencing symptoms like cold hands and feet.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to help balance yin and yang energies in the body. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase internal heat and can be particularly beneficial during cold seasons or for those experiencing symptoms like cold hands and feet. Examples include warming soups and stews that incorporate these ingredients, which not only provide comfort but also support overall well-being according to TCM principles.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 966413):
Original:     where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement?
Reformulated: where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supp...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species, particularly Cinnamomum verum (true cinnamon), has gained popularity as a dietary supplement due to its numerous health benefits. These benefits include potential support for blood sugar management, cardiovascular health, and anti-inflammatory properties. Cinnamon can be found in various forms such as capsules, tablets, and extracts, making it accessible as a supplement. However, it is important to consult healthcare professionals before starting any new supplement regimen, as individual needs and potential interactions with medications may vary.', 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species in the genus Cinnamomum, offers various potential health benefits when used as a dietary supplement. These benefits include anti-inflammatory effects, which can help reduce inflammation throughout the body. Additionally, cinnamon may aid in blood sugar management by improving insulin sensitivity, making it particularly useful for individuals with diabetes or those at risk of developing the condition. Furthermore, it possesses antioxidant properties, which can help combat oxidative stress and reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain types of cancer. However, more research is needed to fully understand and confirm these benefits.', "Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of various trees in the genus *Cinnamomum*, offers several potential health benefits when used as a supplement. These benefits include improved blood sugar control, reduced risk of cardiovascular disease through lowered blood pressure and cholesterol levels, and anti-inflammatory properties that may help manage symptoms of conditions like arthritis. Additionally, cinnamon has been associated with antioxidant effects, which can protect cells from damage caused by free radicals. These benefits are often attributed to the presence of compounds like cinnamaldehyde and polyphenols in the spice. However, it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement", "Cinnamon supplements offer several potential health benefits. They may help regulate blood sugar levels, which can be particularly useful for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Cinnamon has also been shown to possess anti-inflammatory properties, which might aid in reducing inflammation throughout the body. Additionally, some studies suggest that cinnamon could have antioxidant effects, helping to protect cells from damage caused by free radicals. These benefits can be derived from consuming cinnamon in supplement form, typically available in capsules or extracts, though it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen.", "Cinnamon offers several potential health benefits when used as a supplement. These include improved blood sugar control, reduced inflammation, and enhanced antioxidant activity. Cinnamon may also help in lowering cholesterol levels and improving heart health. Studies suggest that incorporating cinnamon into your diet or taking it as a supplement can support overall metabolic health and provide anti-inflammatory effects. However, it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen to ensure it's suitable for your individual needs."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 51, 'docs_len': 3328, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species, particularly Cinnamomum verum (true cinnamon), has gained popularity as a dietary supplement due to its numerous health benefits. These benefits include potential support for blood sugar management, cardiovascular health, and anti-inflammatory properties. Cinnamon can be found in various forms such as capsules, tablets, and extracts, making it accessible as a supplement. However, it is important to consult healthcare professionals before starting any new supplement regimen, as individual needs and potential interactions with medications may vary.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species in the genus Cinnamomum, offers various potential health benefits when used as a dietary supplement. These benefits include anti-inflammatory effects, which can help reduce inflammation throughout the body. Additionally, cinnamon may aid in blood sugar management by improving insulin sensitivity, making it particularly useful for individuals with diabetes or those at risk of developing the condition. Furthermore, it possesses antioxidant properties, which can help combat oxidative stress and reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain types of cancer. However, more research is needed to fully understand and confirm these benefits.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of various trees in the genus *Cinnamomum*, offers several potential health benefits when used as a supplement. These benefits include improved blood sugar control, reduced risk of cardiovascular disease through lowered blood pressure and cholesterol levels, and anti-inflammatory properties that may help manage symptoms of conditions like arthritis. Additionally, cinnamon has been associated with antioxidant effects, which can protect cells from damage caused by free radicals. These benefits are often attributed to the presence of compounds like cinnamaldehyde and polyphenols in the spice. However, it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Cinnamon supplements offer several potential health benefits. They may help regulate blood sugar levels, which can be particularly useful for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Cinnamon has also been shown to possess anti-inflammatory properties, which might aid in reducing inflammation throughout the body. Additionally, some studies suggest that cinnamon could have antioxidant effects, helping to protect cells from damage caused by free radicals. These benefits can be derived from consuming cinnamon in supplement form, typically available in capsules or extracts, though it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Cinnamon offers several potential health benefits when used as a supplement. These include improved blood sugar control, reduced inflammation, and enhanced antioxidant activity. Cinnamon may also help in lowering cholesterol levels and improving heart health. Studies suggest that incorporating cinnamon into your diet or taking it as a supplement can support overall metabolic health and provide anti-inflammatory effects. However, it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen to ensure it's suitable for your individual needs."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 588587):
Original:     what causes heavy metal toxins in your body
Reformulated: what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Heavy metal toxins in the body can originate from various sources such as environmental pollution, contaminated water and food, industrial activities, and certain medications. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can accumulate over time if not properly managed. These metals interfere with vital biological processes by binding to essential proteins and disrupting normal cellular functions. Exposure to high levels can lead to severe health issues including neurological damage, kidney failure, and anemia. Reducing exposure through proper waste management, dietary choices, and using water filters can help mitigate the risks associated with heavy metal toxicity.', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources, including environmental exposure to lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium through contaminated air, water, and soil. Industrial activities, such as mining and manufacturing, release these metals into the environment. Additionally, certain medical procedures, like kidney dialysis with contaminated solutions, and dietary habits, particularly consuming fish with high mercury content, can also contribute to the accumulation of these toxins. Over time, these metals can accumulate in organs and tissues, potentially leading to serious health issues including neurological damage, kidney failure, and cardiovascular diseases. Proper management involves reducing exposure, monitoring levels through regular testing,', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as environmental pollution, contaminated food and water, occupational exposure, and certain medical procedures. Common heavy metals including lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic can accumulate over time and disrupt normal bodily functions. Lead exposure often occurs through old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury is frequently ingested via fish consumption. Occupational exposure to cadmium is common in industries like battery manufacturing, and arsenic contamination can arise from pesticide use or well water. These metals interfere with enzymatic processes, damage organs, and contribute to chronic health issues if not properly managed.', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body from various sources, including environmental pollution, contaminated food and water, and occupational exposure. Common heavy metals such as lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can damage organs and affect multiple bodily systems. Lead, for instance, often enters the body through old paint in homes or contaminated soil, while mercury can come from eating fish with high mercury levels. Occupational exposure to cadmium occurs in industries like battery manufacturing and welding. Arsenic contamination is prevalent in groundwater, especially in certain regions. Long-term exposure to these metals can lead to chronic health issues, including neurological disorders, kidney damage, and', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including exposure to contaminated water, air, and soil; consumption of contaminated food or medications; and occupational exposure. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. Lead, for instance, can enter the body via old plumbing systems or paint in older homes. Mercury often comes from eating fish with high mercury levels or from dental amalgams. Arsenic is commonly found in contaminated groundwater used for drinking and irrigation. Cadmium is often ingested through tobacco smoke or contaminated foods like cereal grains. These metals can cause significant health issues, including neurological damage,'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3613, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can originate from various sources such as environmental pollution, contaminated water and food, industrial activities, and certain medications. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can accumulate over time if not properly managed. These metals interfere with vital biological processes by binding to essential proteins and disrupting normal cellular functions. Exposure to high levels can lead to severe health issues including neurological damage, kidney failure, and anemia. Reducing exposure through proper waste management, dietary choices, and using water filters can help mitigate the risks associated with heavy metal toxicity.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources, including environmental exposure to lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium through contaminated air, water, and soil. Industrial activities, such as mining and manufacturing, release these metals into the environment. Additionally, certain medical procedures, like kidney dialysis with contaminated solutions, and dietary habits, particularly consuming fish with high mercury content, can also contribute to the accumulation of these toxins. Over time, these metals can accumulate in organs and tissues, potentially leading to serious health issues including neurological damage, kidney failure, and cardiovascular diseases. Proper management involves reducing exposure, monitoring levels through regular testing,', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as environmental pollution, contaminated food and water, occupational exposure, and certain medical procedures. Common heavy metals including lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic can accumulate over time and disrupt normal bodily functions. Lead exposure often occurs through old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury is frequently ingested via fish consumption. Occupational exposure to cadmium is common in industries like battery manufacturing, and arsenic contamination can arise from pesticide use or well water. These metals interfere with enzymatic processes, damage organs, and contribute to chronic health issues if not properly managed.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body from various sources, including environmental pollution, contaminated food and water, and occupational exposure. Common heavy metals such as lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can damage organs and affect multiple bodily systems. Lead, for instance, often enters the body through old paint in homes or contaminated soil, while mercury can come from eating fish with high mercury levels. Occupational exposure to cadmium occurs in industries like battery manufacturing and welding. Arsenic contamination is prevalent in groundwater, especially in certain regions. Long-term exposure to these metals can lead to chronic health issues, including neurological disorders, kidney damage, and', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including exposure to contaminated water, air, and soil; consumption of contaminated food or medications; and occupational exposure. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. Lead, for instance, can enter the body via old plumbing systems or paint in older homes. Mercury often comes from eating fish with high mercury levels or from dental amalgams. Arsenic is commonly found in contaminated groundwater used for drinking and irrigation. Cadmium is often ingested through tobacco smoke or contaminated foods like cereal grains. These metals can cause significant health issues, including neurological damage,'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1108939):
Original:     what slows down the flow of blood
Reformulated: what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Factors that can slow down the flow of blood include viscosity increases, constriction of blood vessels, and the presence of blood clots. Increased blood viscosity, often due to higher levels of cholesterol or dehydration, makes it harder for blood to flow through vessels efficiently. Vasoconstriction, caused by various factors like stress or certain medications, narrows blood vessels, reducing the space available for blood flow. Blood clots obstruct the normal flow of blood, potentially leading to restricted circulation and increased risk of thrombosis.', 'Factors that can slow down the flow of blood include viscosity increase, constriction of blood vessels, and valve dysfunction. Increased blood viscosity, often due to dehydration or the presence of certain proteins, makes it more difficult for blood to flow smoothly through arteries and veins. Constriction of blood vessels, caused by conditions like atherosclerosis or spasms, narrows the lumen and impedes blood flow. Valve malfunction, particularly in the heart (such as with mitral valve prolapse) or in large veins (like varicose veins), can disrupt the smooth flow of blood, leading to turbulence and slower overall circulation.', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include increased viscosity of blood, narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and structural changes in blood vessel walls. Increased blood viscosity can result from conditions such as dehydration, elevated cholesterol levels, or the presence of blood clots. Vasoconstriction occurs when blood vessels narrow due to various stimuli, including stress, cold temperatures, or certain medications. Additionally, inflammation or damage to blood vessel walls can impede blood flow by reducing the internal diameter of the vessels.', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include viscosity increases in blood due to dehydration or certain medical conditions like polycythemia (an excess of red blood cells), constriction of blood vessels caused by vasoconstriction, and blockages from clots or fatty deposits in arteries. Additionally, heart conditions such as heart failure can reduce the efficiency of pumping, thereby slowing blood flow.', 'The flow of blood can be slowed down by several factors, including vasoconstriction, where blood vessels narrow, reducing the space for blood to flow. Additionally, increased viscosity of the blood due to dehydration or the presence of certain proteins can also impede circulation. Moreover, conditions such as arteriosclerosis, which involves the hardening and narrowing of arteries, and thrombosis, where blood clots form in the vessels, can significantly slow blood flow.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 33, 'docs_len': 2682, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Factors that can slow down the flow of blood include viscosity increases, constriction of blood vessels, and the presence of blood clots. Increased blood viscosity, often due to higher levels of cholesterol or dehydration, makes it harder for blood to flow through vessels efficiently. Vasoconstriction, caused by various factors like stress or certain medications, narrows blood vessels, reducing the space available for blood flow. Blood clots obstruct the normal flow of blood, potentially leading to restricted circulation and increased risk of thrombosis.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Factors that can slow down the flow of blood include viscosity increase, constriction of blood vessels, and valve dysfunction. Increased blood viscosity, often due to dehydration or the presence of certain proteins, makes it more difficult for blood to flow smoothly through arteries and veins. Constriction of blood vessels, caused by conditions like atherosclerosis or spasms, narrows the lumen and impedes blood flow. Valve malfunction, particularly in the heart (such as with mitral valve prolapse) or in large veins (like varicose veins), can disrupt the smooth flow of blood, leading to turbulence and slower overall circulation.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include increased viscosity of blood, narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and structural changes in blood vessel walls. Increased blood viscosity can result from conditions such as dehydration, elevated cholesterol levels, or the presence of blood clots. Vasoconstriction occurs when blood vessels narrow due to various stimuli, including stress, cold temperatures, or certain medications. Additionally, inflammation or damage to blood vessel walls can impede blood flow by reducing the internal diameter of the vessels.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include viscosity increases in blood due to dehydration or certain medical conditions like polycythemia (an excess of red blood cells), constriction of blood vessels caused by vasoconstriction, and blockages from clots or fatty deposits in arteries. Additionally, heart conditions such as heart failure can reduce the efficiency of pumping, thereby slowing blood flow.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The flow of blood can be slowed down by several factors, including vasoconstriction, where blood vessels narrow, reducing the space for blood to flow. Additionally, increased viscosity of the blood due to dehydration or the presence of certain proteins can also impede circulation. Moreover, conditions such as arteriosclerosis, which involves the hardening and narrowing of arteries, and thrombosis, where blood clots form in the vessels, can significantly slow blood flow.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 507445):
Original:     symptoms of different types of brain bleeds
Reformulated: symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different ty...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, difficulty speaking, or vision problems. Subarachnoid hemorrhages typically cause a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and confusion or altered mental status. Symptoms can vary widely in severity and may also include seizures, loss of consciousness, and changes in alertness or behavior. Prompt medical attention is crucial for effective', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity of the bleed. Intracerebral hemorrhages (bleeding within the brain tissue) may cause sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, weakness or numbness on one side of the body, confusion, and difficulty with balance or coordination. Subarachnoid hemorrhages (bleeding in the space between the brain and the tissues covering the brain) often present with a sudden, intense headache, described as "the worst headache of my life," stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and confusion. Diffuse axonal injuries, while not', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, typically caused by ruptured aneurysms, may cause a sudden, severe headache described as "the worst headache of my life," stiff neck, confusion, and loss of consciousness. Cerebral infarcts due to bleeding may lead to focal neurological deficits like paralysis, speech difficulties, and visual disturbances. Prompt medical attention is crucial for effective management of these conditions.', 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Hemorrhagic strokes, which include intracerebral and subarachnoid bleeds, often present with sudden headaches, nausea, vomiting, and confusion. Intracerebral hemorrhages may cause localized neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, trouble speaking, or vision problems. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, due to bleeding in the space surrounding the brain, frequently result in a severe, abrupt headache described as "the worst headache of my life," followed by stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages typically cause sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness. Subarachnoid hemorrhages often present with a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis might manifest as seizures, altered mental status, vision problems, and localized neurological deficits. Prompt medical attention is crucial for all types of brain bleeds to manage symptoms effectively and reduce complications.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3227, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, difficulty speaking, or vision problems. Subarachnoid hemorrhages typically cause a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and confusion or altered mental status. Symptoms can vary widely in severity and may also include seizures, loss of consciousness, and changes in alertness or behavior. Prompt medical attention is crucial for effective', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity of the bleed. Intracerebral hemorrhages (bleeding within the brain tissue) may cause sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, weakness or numbness on one side of the body, confusion, and difficulty with balance or coordination. Subarachnoid hemorrhages (bleeding in the space between the brain and the tissues covering the brain) often present with a sudden, intense headache, described as "the worst headache of my life," stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and confusion. Diffuse axonal injuries, while not', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, typically caused by ruptured aneurysms, may cause a sudden, severe headache described as "the worst headache of my life," stiff neck, confusion, and loss of consciousness. Cerebral infarcts due to bleeding may lead to focal neurological deficits like paralysis, speech difficulties, and visual disturbances. Prompt medical attention is crucial for effective management of these conditions.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Hemorrhagic strokes, which include intracerebral and subarachnoid bleeds, often present with sudden headaches, nausea, vomiting, and confusion. Intracerebral hemorrhages may cause localized neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, trouble speaking, or vision problems. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, due to bleeding in the space surrounding the brain, frequently result in a severe, abrupt headache described as "the worst headache of my life," followed by stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages typically cause sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness. Subarachnoid hemorrhages often present with a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis might manifest as seizures, altered mental status, vision problems, and localized neurological deficits. Prompt medical attention is crucial for all types of brain bleeds to manage symptoms effectively and reduce complications.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

