Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 915593):
Original:     what types of food can you cook sous vide
Reformulated: what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Sous vide cooking is versatile, allowing you to cook a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as steaks, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon and trout), vegetables (like carrots, broccoli, and spinach), and even eggs and potatoes. This method is particularly effective for tenderizing tough cuts of meat and ensuring that delicate items remain succulent and moist. Chefs often use sous vide for preparing sauces and stocks as well, as it allows for precise temperature control, resulting in richer flavors and textures.', 'Sous vide cooking is versatile, allowing you to prepare a wide range of foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, and pork benefit from precise temperature control, resulting in perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy dishes. Fish like salmon, trout, and sea bass can be cooked to retain their delicate texture and flavor. Vegetables, including carrots, broccoli, and green beans, become evenly cooked with enhanced flavors when sealed in vacuum bags. Eggs, whether hard-boiled or poached, achieve ideal consistency every time. Soups and stews can be prepared in advance and kept fresh for days without losing their taste. Desserts, such', 'Sous vide cooking is ideal for a wide range of foods, including meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), eggs, vegetables (including carrots, broccoli, and leafy greens), and even fruits. This method allows for precise temperature control, resulting in perfectly cooked food with tender textures and rich flavors. Meats cooked sous vide can achieve a perfect sear without overcooking the interior, while delicate fish stay moist and flaky. Vegetables retain their vibrant colors and nutrients due to the gentle cooking process, and eggs can be cooked to any desired doneness.', 'Sous vide cooking is versatile, allowing you to cook a wide range of foods with precision. You can prepare delicate items like fish (such as salmon or trout), poultry (like chicken thighs or whole chickens), and beef cuts (such as steak or roasts). Vegetables, such as carrots, broccoli, and green beans, also benefit from sous vide cooking, retaining their color, texture, and nutrients. Desserts, like custards or cheesecakes, can also be prepared with great results using this method. Eggs, whether hard-boiled or poached, are another staple that sous vide excels at. With precise temperature control', 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef, pork, and chicken), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), and vegetables (like carrots, broccoli, and green beans). Additionally, eggs, dairy products (like cheese and yogurt), and even fruits can be cooked using this method. Sous vide allows for precise temperature control, resulting in evenly cooked foods with optimal texture and flavor.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 2805, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile, allowing you to cook a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as steaks, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon and trout), vegetables (like carrots, broccoli, and spinach), and even eggs and potatoes. This method is particularly effective for tenderizing tough cuts of meat and ensuring that delicate items remain succulent and moist. Chefs often use sous vide for preparing sauces and stocks as well, as it allows for precise temperature control, resulting in richer flavors and textures.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile, allowing you to prepare a wide range of foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, and pork benefit from precise temperature control, resulting in perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy dishes. Fish like salmon, trout, and sea bass can be cooked to retain their delicate texture and flavor. Vegetables, including carrots, broccoli, and green beans, become evenly cooked with enhanced flavors when sealed in vacuum bags. Eggs, whether hard-boiled or poached, achieve ideal consistency every time. Soups and stews can be prepared in advance and kept fresh for days without losing their taste. Desserts, such', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sous vide cooking is ideal for a wide range of foods, including meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), eggs, vegetables (including carrots, broccoli, and leafy greens), and even fruits. This method allows for precise temperature control, resulting in perfectly cooked food with tender textures and rich flavors. Meats cooked sous vide can achieve a perfect sear without overcooking the interior, while delicate fish stay moist and flaky. Vegetables retain their vibrant colors and nutrients due to the gentle cooking process, and eggs can be cooked to any desired doneness.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile, allowing you to cook a wide range of foods with precision. You can prepare delicate items like fish (such as salmon or trout), poultry (like chicken thighs or whole chickens), and beef cuts (such as steak or roasts). Vegetables, such as carrots, broccoli, and green beans, also benefit from sous vide cooking, retaining their color, texture, and nutrients. Desserts, like custards or cheesecakes, can also be prepared with great results using this method. Eggs, whether hard-boiled or poached, are another staple that sous vide excels at. With precise temperature control', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as beef, pork, and chicken), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), and vegetables (like carrots, broccoli, and green beans). Additionally, eggs, dairy products (like cheese and yogurt), and even fruits can be cooked using this method. Sous vide allows for precise temperature control, resulting in evenly cooked foods with optimal texture and flavor.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 794429):
Original:     what is sculpture shape space
Reformulated: what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture sh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sculpture often explores the interplay between shape and space. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculpture itself—its external appearance and structure. Space, in sculptural terms, encompasses both the internal and external voids or areas around and within the sculpture. Together, these elements define the sculpture's presence and how it interacts with its surroundings. Sculptors use these elements to create depth, volume, and visual interest, allowing viewers to engage with the artwork from multiple angles and perspectives.", 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that shapes physical space and creates volume. It involves the manipulation of materials such as stone, metal, clay, or wood to produce objects that can be perceived from all angles. Sculptures occupy and define their own spatial volume, creating relationships with the surrounding environment. The shape of a sculpture refers to its external contours and form, while the concept of "shape space" encompasses both the physical dimensions of the sculpture itself and the spatial relationships it establishes within the surrounding area. This includes how the sculpture interacts with light, shadows, and the viewer’s perception of space, making it a dynamic element in', 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional forms and spaces created by sculptors through their work. These shapes can vary widely, from simple geometric forms like spheres and cubes to more complex organic forms inspired by nature. Sculptural space encompasses both the solid form itself and the voids or negative spaces surrounding and within the piece. Together, these elements create a dynamic interplay that enhances the overall aesthetic and meaning of the sculpture. Sculptors manipulate this space to evoke emotions, tell stories, or explore conceptual ideas, making the relationship between shape and space integral to the artistic expression.', "Sculpture shape and space are fundamental concepts in three-dimensional art. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculpture, which can range from simple geometric forms like cubes or spheres to more complex organic shapes inspired by nature. Space, on the other hand, encompasses both the internal and external spaces within and around the sculpture. This includes positive space, the volume occupied by the sculpture itself, and negative space, the empty areas surrounding and between parts of the sculpture. Together, these elements define the sculpture's composition, giving it depth and dimensionality, and allowing viewers to engage with it from multiple perspectives.", 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that exists in space, utilizing various shapes and forms to create tangible objects or installations. Shape in sculpture refers to the basic geometric forms used, such as spheres, cubes, cylinders, or organic forms like leaves or waves. Space, on the other hand, encompasses both the positive (the material of the sculpture itself) and negative (the surrounding void or empty areas) spaces within and around the sculpture. Together, these elements define how the sculpture interacts with its environment and the viewer, influencing the overall composition and visual impact. Sculptors use these shapes and spaces to evoke emotions, convey ideas,'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 29, 'docs_len': 3281, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sculpture often explores the interplay between shape and space. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculpture itself—its external appearance and structure. Space, in sculptural terms, encompasses both the internal and external voids or areas around and within the sculpture. Together, these elements define the sculpture's presence and how it interacts with its surroundings. Sculptors use these elements to create depth, volume, and visual interest, allowing viewers to engage with the artwork from multiple angles and perspectives.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that shapes physical space and creates volume. It involves the manipulation of materials such as stone, metal, clay, or wood to produce objects that can be perceived from all angles. Sculptures occupy and define their own spatial volume, creating relationships with the surrounding environment. The shape of a sculpture refers to its external contours and form, while the concept of "shape space" encompasses both the physical dimensions of the sculpture itself and the spatial relationships it establishes within the surrounding area. This includes how the sculpture interacts with light, shadows, and the viewer’s perception of space, making it a dynamic element in', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional forms and spaces created by sculptors through their work. These shapes can vary widely, from simple geometric forms like spheres and cubes to more complex organic forms inspired by nature. Sculptural space encompasses both the solid form itself and the voids or negative spaces surrounding and within the piece. Together, these elements create a dynamic interplay that enhances the overall aesthetic and meaning of the sculpture. Sculptors manipulate this space to evoke emotions, tell stories, or explore conceptual ideas, making the relationship between shape and space integral to the artistic expression.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Sculpture shape and space are fundamental concepts in three-dimensional art. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculpture, which can range from simple geometric forms like cubes or spheres to more complex organic shapes inspired by nature. Space, on the other hand, encompasses both the internal and external spaces within and around the sculpture. This includes positive space, the volume occupied by the sculpture itself, and negative space, the empty areas surrounding and between parts of the sculpture. Together, these elements define the sculpture's composition, giving it depth and dimensionality, and allowing viewers to engage with it from multiple perspectives.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that exists in space, utilizing various shapes and forms to create tangible objects or installations. Shape in sculpture refers to the basic geometric forms used, such as spheres, cubes, cylinders, or organic forms like leaves or waves. Space, on the other hand, encompasses both the positive (the material of the sculpture itself) and negative (the surrounding void or empty areas) spaces within and around the sculpture. Together, these elements define how the sculpture interacts with its environment and the viewer, influencing the overall composition and visual impact. Sculptors use these shapes and spaces to evoke emotions, convey ideas,'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 801118):
Original:     what is supplemental security income used for
Reformulated: what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is suppleme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to aged, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits can be used to cover a wide range of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Recipients can use the funds to help meet their basic needs and improve their quality of life, ensuring they have the means to maintain a dignified standard of living without financial strain.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist elderly, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds are primarily used for covering essential living expenses such as food, clothing, and shelter. Recipients can use these benefits to help pay for these necessities directly or to supplement their income, thereby improving their standard of living. The program aims to ensure that eligible individuals have the means to meet their basic needs without financial distress.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits are used to cover basic necessities such as food, clothing, and shelter. Recipients can use the funds to pay for essential expenses, including housing, utilities, and medical costs. Additionally, SSI can help alleviate financial stress, allowing recipients to focus on their health and well-being without worrying about meeting daily living expenses.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits are used primarily for meeting basic needs such as food, clothing, and shelter. Recipients can use the money to cover essential expenses, including rent, utilities, groceries, and medications. Additionally, SSI benefits help recipients maintain their standard of living by providing financial support when other resources are insufficient.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI benefits are intended to help recipients meet their basic needs such as food, clothing, and shelter. These funds can be used for a wide range of expenses including rent, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Recipients may also use SSI money to purchase necessary medications, pay for transportation, or cover other essential living costs.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 2595, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to aged, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits can be used to cover a wide range of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Recipients can use the funds to help meet their basic needs and improve their quality of life, ensuring they have the means to maintain a dignified standard of living without financial strain.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist elderly, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds are primarily used for covering essential living expenses such as food, clothing, and shelter. Recipients can use these benefits to help pay for these necessities directly or to supplement their income, thereby improving their standard of living. The program aims to ensure that eligible individuals have the means to meet their basic needs without financial distress.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits are used to cover basic necessities such as food, clothing, and shelter. Recipients can use the funds to pay for essential expenses, including housing, utilities, and medical costs. Additionally, SSI can help alleviate financial stress, allowing recipients to focus on their health and well-being without worrying about meeting daily living expenses.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources. SSI benefits are used primarily for meeting basic needs such as food, clothing, and shelter. Recipients can use the money to cover essential expenses, including rent, utilities, groceries, and medications. Additionally, SSI benefits help recipients maintain their standard of living by providing financial support when other resources are insufficient.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to elderly, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI benefits are intended to help recipients meet their basic needs such as food, clothing, and shelter. These funds can be used for a wide range of expenses including rent, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Recipients may also use SSI money to purchase necessary medications, pay for transportation, or cover other essential living costs.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 190044):
Original:     foods to detox liver naturally
Reformulated: foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Leafy greens like spinach and kale support liver function by providing essential nutrients. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are high in antioxidants, which help protect liver cells from damage. Turmeric, a spice with potent anti-inflammatory properties, can be added to meals for its beneficial effects. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain sulfur compounds that aid in liver detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids, such as flaxseeds and salmon, can reduce inflammation and support liver health. Staying hydrated with plenty of water helps flush', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients such as broccoli, Brussels sprouts, and cabbage, which help in liver detoxification. Include avocados, which support liver function by promoting healthy bile production. Berries like blueberries and cranberries are excellent sources of antioxidants that protect liver cells from damage. Additionally, consume ginger and turmeric, known for their anti-inflammatory properties that aid liver health. Drinking plenty of water and consuming leafy greens like spinach also supports overall liver function. Avoid excessive alcohol and processed foods to further assist your liver in detoxifying the body.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants such as berries, leafy greens, and nuts. Incorporate cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain compounds that boost liver function. Garlic and onions also support liver health due to their sulfur-containing compounds. Drink plenty of water to help flush out toxins, and consider herbal teas like dandelion root or milk thistle, known for their potential liver protective effects. Avoid processed foods and excessive alcohol to further support liver detoxification.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, which support liver function. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are excellent due to their high antioxidant content. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts help stimulate the production of detoxifying enzymes. Additionally, consume foods high in sulfur, such as garlic and onions, which enhance liver detoxification processes. Limit intake of processed foods and sugars, as they can burden the liver. Stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water throughout the day to aid in flushing out toxins.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, which help in cleansing and nourishing the liver. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are excellent sources of antioxidants that protect liver cells from damage. Turmeric, rich in curcumin, supports liver function and helps reduce inflammation. Avocados provide healthy fats and fiber, aiding digestion and supporting liver health. Additionally, drinking plenty of water and consuming cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts can boost liver detoxification processes. Avoiding alcohol and processed foods further aids in liver detoxification.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3295, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Leafy greens like spinach and kale support liver function by providing essential nutrients. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are high in antioxidants, which help protect liver cells from damage. Turmeric, a spice with potent anti-inflammatory properties, can be added to meals for its beneficial effects. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain sulfur compounds that aid in liver detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids, such as flaxseeds and salmon, can reduce inflammation and support liver health. Staying hydrated with plenty of water helps flush', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients such as broccoli, Brussels sprouts, and cabbage, which help in liver detoxification. Include avocados, which support liver function by promoting healthy bile production. Berries like blueberries and cranberries are excellent sources of antioxidants that protect liver cells from damage. Additionally, consume ginger and turmeric, known for their anti-inflammatory properties that aid liver health. Drinking plenty of water and consuming leafy greens like spinach also supports overall liver function. Avoid excessive alcohol and processed foods to further assist your liver in detoxifying the body.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants such as berries, leafy greens, and nuts. Incorporate cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain compounds that boost liver function. Garlic and onions also support liver health due to their sulfur-containing compounds. Drink plenty of water to help flush out toxins, and consider herbal teas like dandelion root or milk thistle, known for their potential liver protective effects. Avoid processed foods and excessive alcohol to further support liver detoxification.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and fiber. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, which support liver function. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are excellent due to their high antioxidant content. Cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts help stimulate the production of detoxifying enzymes. Additionally, consume foods high in sulfur, such as garlic and onions, which enhance liver detoxification processes. Limit intake of processed foods and sugars, as they can burden the liver. Stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water throughout the day to aid in flushing out toxins.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, which help in cleansing and nourishing the liver. Berries such as blueberries and strawberries are excellent sources of antioxidants that protect liver cells from damage. Turmeric, rich in curcumin, supports liver function and helps reduce inflammation. Avocados provide healthy fats and fiber, aiding digestion and supporting liver health. Additionally, drinking plenty of water and consuming cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts can boost liver detoxification processes. Avoiding alcohol and processed foods further aids in liver detoxification.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 451602):
Original:     medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation
Reformulated: medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a machine to help patients breathe. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator, which aids in the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation for eligible patients who require it as part of their medical treatment, ensuring that necessary respiratory support is provided under its health insurance plan.', "Mechanical ventilation is a medical procedure where a machine assists or controls a patient's breathing. Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a ventilator to help patients breathe when they are unable to do so independently due to respiratory failure or other medical conditions. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator through a tube inserted into the airway, which helps in delivering oxygen and removing carbon dioxide from the lungs. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under its benefits if it is deemed medically necessary by a healthcare provider.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of medical equipment, such as a ventilator, to assist or control a patient's breathing. This intervention is covered under Medicare when medically necessary for patients who are unable to breathe adequately on their own due to various conditions like respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or post-surgical recovery. Medicare evaluates the necessity of mechanical ventilation based on clinical documentation and evidence of respiratory compromise requiring this form of respiratory support.", "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This medical procedure involves connecting a patient to a machine that mechanically breathes for them, typically when their natural respiratory function is compromised due to illness, injury, or other health conditions. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part A (hospital insurance) if it is deemed medically necessary during a hospital stay.", "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a medical procedure where a machine assists or controls a patient's breathing by moving air in and out of the lungs through a breathing tube (endotracheal tube) inserted into the trachea. This process is typically used for patients who cannot breathe adequately on their own due to respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or other health conditions. Under Medicare coverage, the use of mechanical ventilation is generally considered medically necessary and is covered under Part A (Hospital Insurance) when certain criteria are met."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 47, 'docs_len': 2588, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a machine to help patients breathe. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator, which aids in the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation for eligible patients who require it as part of their medical treatment, ensuring that necessary respiratory support is provided under its health insurance plan.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Mechanical ventilation is a medical procedure where a machine assists or controls a patient's breathing. Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a ventilator to help patients breathe when they are unable to do so independently due to respiratory failure or other medical conditions. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator through a tube inserted into the airway, which helps in delivering oxygen and removing carbon dioxide from the lungs. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under its benefits if it is deemed medically necessary by a healthcare provider.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of medical equipment, such as a ventilator, to assist or control a patient's breathing. This intervention is covered under Medicare when medically necessary for patients who are unable to breathe adequately on their own due to various conditions like respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or post-surgical recovery. Medicare evaluates the necessity of mechanical ventilation based on clinical documentation and evidence of respiratory compromise requiring this form of respiratory support.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This medical procedure involves connecting a patient to a machine that mechanically breathes for them, typically when their natural respiratory function is compromised due to illness, injury, or other health conditions. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part A (hospital insurance) if it is deemed medically necessary during a hospital stay.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a medical procedure where a machine assists or controls a patient's breathing by moving air in and out of the lungs through a breathing tube (endotracheal tube) inserted into the trachea. This process is typically used for patients who cannot breathe adequately on their own due to respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or other health conditions. Under Medicare coverage, the use of mechanical ventilation is generally considered medically necessary and is covered under Part A (Hospital Insurance) when certain criteria are met."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 177604):
Original:     eating foods that are considered warm
Reformulated: eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foo...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, is believed to help balance the body\'s energy by warming the internal organs and promoting circulation. These foods are often recommended for their potential to alleviate symptoms like colds, indigestion, and joint pain.', 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to help balance yin and yang in the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and warming spices like cinnamon and turmeric. These foods are thought to boost energy, warm the body, and enhance digestion.', 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to help balance yin and yang energies within the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are thought to increase body heat and boost metabolism. These foods are often recommended for individuals with cold constitutions or to combat symptoms like fatigue and cold hands and feet.', 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang energies. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and sesame seeds, are thought to increase body warmth and boost metabolism. Commonly consumed during cold seasons or to counteract the effects of cold foods, these items are often used in soups and stews to enhance overall well-being.', 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to help balance yin and yang energies within the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are thought to increase bodily warmth and counteract cold conditions. These foods are often recommended for improving circulation and providing warmth during colder months or in chilly environments.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 1789, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, is believed to help balance the body\'s energy by warming the internal organs and promoting circulation. These foods are often recommended for their potential to alleviate symptoms like colds, indigestion, and joint pain.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to help balance yin and yang in the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and warming spices like cinnamon and turmeric. These foods are thought to boost energy, warm the body, and enhance digestion.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to help balance yin and yang energies within the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are thought to increase body heat and boost metabolism. These foods are often recommended for individuals with cold constitutions or to combat symptoms like fatigue and cold hands and feet.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang energies. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and sesame seeds, are thought to increase body warmth and boost metabolism. Commonly consumed during cold seasons or to counteract the effects of cold foods, these items are often used in soups and stews to enhance overall well-being.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is believed to help balance yin and yang energies within the body. Common examples include ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, which are thought to increase bodily warmth and counteract cold conditions. These foods are often recommended for improving circulation and providing warmth during colder months or in chilly environments.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 966413):
Original:     where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement?
Reformulated: where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supp...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from the inner bark of several trees in the genus Cinnamomum, offers various health benefits when used as a supplement. These benefits include potential improvements in blood sugar control, reduction in inflammation, and antioxidant properties. Studies suggest that cinnamon can help lower fasting blood glucose levels, which may be particularly beneficial for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, it contains antioxidants such as polyphenols, which can help protect cells from damage. However, more research is needed to fully understand its long-term effects and optimal dosages for different health conditions.', 'Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from the inner bark of several tree species, particularly Cinnamomum verum (true cinnamon) and Cinnamomum cassia (Chinese cinnamon), offers various potential health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include anti-inflammatory properties, which may help reduce inflammation in the body. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity, making it beneficial for individuals with diabetes or those at risk of developing the condition. It also possesses antioxidant qualities, which can help protect cells from damage by free radicals. Furthermore, some studies suggest that cinnamon might support cardiovascular health by helping to lower cholesterol levels', 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species in the genus Cinnamomum, offers various potential health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include improved blood sugar control, reduced inflammation, and enhanced cardiovascular health. Studies suggest that regular consumption of cinnamon can help lower blood glucose levels, making it particularly beneficial for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. Additionally, cinnamon may help lower cholesterol and triglyceride levels, supporting heart health. However, more research is needed to fully understand its long-term effects and optimal dosages.', "Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from the inner bark of several trees in the genus Cinnamomum, offers numerous health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include anti-inflammatory properties, which can help reduce swelling and discomfort. Additionally, cinnamon may aid in blood sugar regulation, making it particularly beneficial for individuals with diabetes or those at risk of developing the condition. It also possesses antioxidant qualities, helping to protect cells from damage by free radicals. Moreover, some studies suggest that cinnamon might support heart health by improving cholesterol levels and reducing cardiovascular risks. However, it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen", 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species, particularly Cinnamomum verum (true cinnamon), offers numerous health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include improved blood sugar control, reduced risk of heart disease through its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, and potential support for digestive health. Studies have also suggested that cinnamon may help lower cholesterol levels and enhance cognitive function. When taken as a supplement, it is typically available in capsules, tablets, or extracted oils, making it convenient for regular consumption. However, individuals with diabetes or those on blood-thinning medications should consult a healthcare provider before starting cinnamon supplementation due to'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 51, 'docs_len': 3557, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from the inner bark of several trees in the genus Cinnamomum, offers various health benefits when used as a supplement. These benefits include potential improvements in blood sugar control, reduction in inflammation, and antioxidant properties. Studies suggest that cinnamon can help lower fasting blood glucose levels, which may be particularly beneficial for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, it contains antioxidants such as polyphenols, which can help protect cells from damage. However, more research is needed to fully understand its long-term effects and optimal dosages for different health conditions.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from the inner bark of several tree species, particularly Cinnamomum verum (true cinnamon) and Cinnamomum cassia (Chinese cinnamon), offers various potential health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include anti-inflammatory properties, which may help reduce inflammation in the body. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity, making it beneficial for individuals with diabetes or those at risk of developing the condition. It also possesses antioxidant qualities, which can help protect cells from damage by free radicals. Furthermore, some studies suggest that cinnamon might support cardiovascular health by helping to lower cholesterol levels', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species in the genus Cinnamomum, offers various potential health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include improved blood sugar control, reduced inflammation, and enhanced cardiovascular health. Studies suggest that regular consumption of cinnamon can help lower blood glucose levels, making it particularly beneficial for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. Additionally, cinnamon may help lower cholesterol and triglyceride levels, supporting heart health. However, more research is needed to fully understand its long-term effects and optimal dosages.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from the inner bark of several trees in the genus Cinnamomum, offers numerous health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include anti-inflammatory properties, which can help reduce swelling and discomfort. Additionally, cinnamon may aid in blood sugar regulation, making it particularly beneficial for individuals with diabetes or those at risk of developing the condition. It also possesses antioxidant qualities, helping to protect cells from damage by free radicals. Moreover, some studies suggest that cinnamon might support heart health by improving cholesterol levels and reducing cardiovascular risks. However, it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Cinnamon, derived from the inner bark of several tree species, particularly Cinnamomum verum (true cinnamon), offers numerous health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These benefits include improved blood sugar control, reduced risk of heart disease through its anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, and potential support for digestive health. Studies have also suggested that cinnamon may help lower cholesterol levels and enhance cognitive function. When taken as a supplement, it is typically available in capsules, tablets, or extracted oils, making it convenient for regular consumption. However, individuals with diabetes or those on blood-thinning medications should consult a healthcare provider before starting cinnamon supplementation due to'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 588587):
Original:     what causes heavy metal toxins in your body
Reformulated: what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated water, and improper disposal of hazardous waste. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic can accumulate in tissues over time through inhalation, ingestion, or skin contact. These metals interfere with normal cellular functions and can lead to severe health issues including neurological damage, kidney failure, and cancer. Regular exposure to these contaminants can also weaken the immune system and cause chronic diseases. Reducing exposure by minimizing consumption of contaminated foods and water, using protective gear in occupational settings, and supporting environmental regulations are crucial steps in mitigating the risks associated', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated water and soil, certain medications, and occupational exposure. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. These metals can accumulate over time through ingestion, inhalation, or skin contact. Once inside the body, they interfere with normal cellular functions by binding to essential molecules like proteins and DNA, leading to oxidative stress and damage. Effective management involves reducing exposure, dietary modifications, and medical interventions like chelation therapy to remove accumulated metals.', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as environmental pollution, contaminated food and water, occupational exposure, and certain medical treatments. Common culprits include lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic. Lead can enter the body through old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury often comes from eating fish with high mercury levels. Occupational exposure might occur in industries like mining, battery manufacturing, or recycling. Additionally, certain medical procedures and medications can introduce these metals into the body. Reducing exposure through lifestyle changes and proper regulation can help mitigate their accumulation.', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from exposure to various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated water and food, and the use of certain medications or cosmetics. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can accumulate in organs and tissues over time, leading to toxicity. These metals interfere with normal cellular processes, potentially causing damage to the nervous system, kidneys, liver, and other vital organs. Reducing exposure through lifestyle changes and using protective measures can help minimize the accumulation of these harmful substances in the body.', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources, including environmental exposure to metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic through contaminated air, water, and soil. Additionally, occupational hazards, such as working in industries that handle or produce these metals, can increase exposure. Certain dietary habits, such as consuming fish with high mercury levels, can also contribute. Prolonged use of traditional medicines or cosmetics containing heavy metals, and living in areas with industrial pollution, further exacerbate the issue. These metals accumulate in tissues over time, potentially leading to health problems if not managed properly.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3349, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated water, and improper disposal of hazardous waste. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic can accumulate in tissues over time through inhalation, ingestion, or skin contact. These metals interfere with normal cellular functions and can lead to severe health issues including neurological damage, kidney failure, and cancer. Regular exposure to these contaminants can also weaken the immune system and cause chronic diseases. Reducing exposure by minimizing consumption of contaminated foods and water, using protective gear in occupational settings, and supporting environmental regulations are crucial steps in mitigating the risks associated', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated water and soil, certain medications, and occupational exposure. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. These metals can accumulate over time through ingestion, inhalation, or skin contact. Once inside the body, they interfere with normal cellular functions by binding to essential molecules like proteins and DNA, leading to oxidative stress and damage. Effective management involves reducing exposure, dietary modifications, and medical interventions like chelation therapy to remove accumulated metals.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as environmental pollution, contaminated food and water, occupational exposure, and certain medical treatments. Common culprits include lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic. Lead can enter the body through old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury often comes from eating fish with high mercury levels. Occupational exposure might occur in industries like mining, battery manufacturing, or recycling. Additionally, certain medical procedures and medications can introduce these metals into the body. Reducing exposure through lifestyle changes and proper regulation can help mitigate their accumulation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from exposure to various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated water and food, and the use of certain medications or cosmetics. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can accumulate in organs and tissues over time, leading to toxicity. These metals interfere with normal cellular processes, potentially causing damage to the nervous system, kidneys, liver, and other vital organs. Reducing exposure through lifestyle changes and using protective measures can help minimize the accumulation of these harmful substances in the body.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources, including environmental exposure to metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic through contaminated air, water, and soil. Additionally, occupational hazards, such as working in industries that handle or produce these metals, can increase exposure. Certain dietary habits, such as consuming fish with high mercury levels, can also contribute. Prolonged use of traditional medicines or cosmetics containing heavy metals, and living in areas with industrial pollution, further exacerbate the issue. These metals accumulate in tissues over time, potentially leading to health problems if not managed properly.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1108939):
Original:     what slows down the flow of blood
Reformulated: what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include viscosity increases due to dehydration or the presence of certain proteins and lipids, narrowing of blood vessels caused by vasoconstriction or arterial plaque buildup, and increased resistance within the circulatory system from conditions like hypertension. Additionally, physical obstructions such as blood clots or emboli can significantly impede blood flow.', 'Factors such as viscosity increase, constriction of blood vessels, and elevated blood pressure can slow down the flow of blood through the circulatory system. Viscosity increase occurs when blood thickens due to higher levels of certain proteins or red blood cells. Constriction of blood vessels, often caused by vasoconstriction or plaque buildup, narrows the vessel lumen, reducing blood flow. Elevated blood pressure forces blood to flow more forcefully against the vessel walls, which can also impede the overall rate of blood movement.', 'Blood flow can be slowed down by various factors, including the viscosity of blood, which increases with higher levels of certain proteins or fats. Additionally, narrowed blood vessels due to conditions like atherosclerosis or vasoconstriction reduce the space available for blood to flow, thereby slowing it down. Heart conditions that impair its pumping efficiency, such as heart failure, also contribute to reduced blood flow.', 'Factors such as viscosity, vessel diameter, and blood pressure can slow down the flow of blood. Increased blood viscosity due to dehydration or elevated levels of certain proteins thickens the blood, making it harder to flow through the vessels. Similarly, narrower blood vessels reduce the space for blood to flow, increasing resistance and slowing the overall flow rate. Additionally, high blood pressure forces blood through the vessels with more force, which can cause constriction and further slow down the flow.', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the circulatory system. These include vasoconstriction, where blood vessels narrow, reducing the space for blood to flow; increased blood viscosity due to higher levels of certain proteins or cells; and the presence of blood clots or plaques in arteries, which can obstruct blood flow. Additionally, systemic conditions such as hypertension or atherosclerosis can also contribute to slowing blood flow by damaging blood vessel walls and reducing elasticity.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 33, 'docs_len': 2422, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include viscosity increases due to dehydration or the presence of certain proteins and lipids, narrowing of blood vessels caused by vasoconstriction or arterial plaque buildup, and increased resistance within the circulatory system from conditions like hypertension. Additionally, physical obstructions such as blood clots or emboli can significantly impede blood flow.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Factors such as viscosity increase, constriction of blood vessels, and elevated blood pressure can slow down the flow of blood through the circulatory system. Viscosity increase occurs when blood thickens due to higher levels of certain proteins or red blood cells. Constriction of blood vessels, often caused by vasoconstriction or plaque buildup, narrows the vessel lumen, reducing blood flow. Elevated blood pressure forces blood to flow more forcefully against the vessel walls, which can also impede the overall rate of blood movement.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Blood flow can be slowed down by various factors, including the viscosity of blood, which increases with higher levels of certain proteins or fats. Additionally, narrowed blood vessels due to conditions like atherosclerosis or vasoconstriction reduce the space available for blood to flow, thereby slowing it down. Heart conditions that impair its pumping efficiency, such as heart failure, also contribute to reduced blood flow.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Factors such as viscosity, vessel diameter, and blood pressure can slow down the flow of blood. Increased blood viscosity due to dehydration or elevated levels of certain proteins thickens the blood, making it harder to flow through the vessels. Similarly, narrower blood vessels reduce the space for blood to flow, increasing resistance and slowing the overall flow rate. Additionally, high blood pressure forces blood through the vessels with more force, which can cause constriction and further slow down the flow.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the circulatory system. These include vasoconstriction, where blood vessels narrow, reducing the space for blood to flow; increased blood viscosity due to higher levels of certain proteins or cells; and the presence of blood clots or plaques in arteries, which can obstruct blood flow. Additionally, systemic conditions such as hypertension or atherosclerosis can also contribute to slowing blood flow by damaging blood vessel walls and reducing elasticity.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 507445):
Original:     symptoms of different types of brain bleeds
Reformulated: symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different ty...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness in parts of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages typically cause a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiffness in the neck, sensitivity to light, and sometimes a loss of consciousness. Cerebral hemorrhages due to ruptured aneurysms may also lead to confusion, drowsiness, and seizures. Prompt medical attention is crucial for all types of brain', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary based on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, weakness, numbness, difficulty speaking, confusion, and loss of balance or coordination. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, which occur in the space between the brain and the tissues covering it, typically cause a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiffness in the neck, sensitivity to light, and confusion or altered mental state. Symptoms may also include seizures, dilated pupils, and a decreased level of consciousness. Prompt medical', 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages may cause a sudden, severe headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiffness in the neck, and sensitivity to light. Diffuse axonal injuries typically result in confusion, drowsiness, and amnesia. Prompt medical attention is crucial for all types of brain bleeds due to their potential for rapid neurological deterioration.', 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Intracerebral hemorrhages (bleeding within the brain tissue) often present with sudden, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, confusion, and weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages (bleeding between the brain and the surrounding membrane) typically cause a sudden, extremely severe headache (often described as the worst headache ever), stiff neck, confusion, seizures, and loss of consciousness. Symptoms of epidural and subdural hematomas (bleeding between the skull and the brain, and between the brain and', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity of the bleeding. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, on the other hand, typically cause a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," along with stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and confusion. Symptoms of a subdural hematoma may include headache, confusion, drowsiness, and seizures, which can develop slowly over hours to'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3111, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness in parts of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages typically cause a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiffness in the neck, sensitivity to light, and sometimes a loss of consciousness. Cerebral hemorrhages due to ruptured aneurysms may also lead to confusion, drowsiness, and seizures. Prompt medical attention is crucial for all types of brain', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary based on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, weakness, numbness, difficulty speaking, confusion, and loss of balance or coordination. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, which occur in the space between the brain and the tissues covering it, typically cause a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiffness in the neck, sensitivity to light, and confusion or altered mental state. Symptoms may also include seizures, dilated pupils, and a decreased level of consciousness. Prompt medical', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages may cause a sudden, severe headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiffness in the neck, and sensitivity to light. Diffuse axonal injuries typically result in confusion, drowsiness, and amnesia. Prompt medical attention is crucial for all types of brain bleeds due to their potential for rapid neurological deterioration.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Intracerebral hemorrhages (bleeding within the brain tissue) often present with sudden, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, confusion, and weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages (bleeding between the brain and the surrounding membrane) typically cause a sudden, extremely severe headache (often described as the worst headache ever), stiff neck, confusion, seizures, and loss of consciousness. Symptoms of epidural and subdural hematomas (bleeding between the skull and the brain, and between the brain and', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity of the bleeding. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, on the other hand, typically cause a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," along with stiff neck, sensitivity to light (photophobia), and confusion. Symptoms of a subdural hematoma may include headache, confusion, drowsiness, and seizures, which can develop slowly over hours to'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

