Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 915593):
Original:     what types of food can you cook sous vide
Reformulated: what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide variety of dishes. Meats such as steak, pork chops, and chicken breasts can be cooked to precise temperatures, resulting in tender and juicy textures. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked sous vide to achieve runny or set centers. Additionally, sous vide is well-suited for cooking delicate fish and seafood like salmon and shrimp, as well as vegetables like asparagus and carrots, which retain their vibrant colors and nutrients. Even desserts like crème brûlée and custards can be made using the sous vide method, ensuring a', 'Sous vide cooking offers a versatile and precise way to prepare a wide range of dishes. You can cook various types of food sous vide, including meats like tender steaks, succulent chicken, and delicate fish. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked to desired doneness. Vegetables such as asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts are perfectly cooked without losing their texture or nutrients. Additionally, fruits like apples and pears can be poached to create delicious desserts. Even tougher cuts of meat like short ribs and lamb shanks become tender and flavorful when cooked sous vide. With precise temperature control, sous', 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled flexibility and precision, allowing for the preparation of a vast array of dishes. Meats such as steak, lamb, pork chops, and chicken breast can be cooked to exacting doneness, retaining their juices and tenderness. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked sous vide to achieve perfectly set whites and runny yolks. Additionally, fish and seafood like salmon, tuna, and shrimp benefit from the gentle heat, cooking evenly without becoming overcooked. Furthermore, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be cooked sous vide to preserve their vibrant colors and delicate textures.', 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the precise preparation of a wide variety of foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork, and lamb can be cooked to exacting temperatures, ensuring tender and juicy results. Eggs, either whole or as omelets, can also be cooked sous vide to achieve a perfectly set texture. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for cooking fish and seafood, like salmon and shrimp, as it helps prevent overcooking. Beyond proteins, sous vide can be used to prepare a range of vegetables, from asparagus and carrots to more delicate items like green beans and peas, helping retain their', 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the precise preparation of a wide range of dishes. Proteins such as eggs, steak, chicken, pork chops, and fish can be cooked to exacting doneness, while retaining moisture and flavor. Vegetables like asparagus, Brussels sprouts, and carrots can be cooked to tender perfection without becoming mushy. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for cooking tougher cuts of meat, like short ribs and lamb shanks, to fall-apart tenderness. Even delicate items like lobster, shrimp, and scallops can be cooked with ease, as can grains like quinoa and rice,'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3134, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide variety of dishes. Meats such as steak, pork chops, and chicken breasts can be cooked to precise temperatures, resulting in tender and juicy textures. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked sous vide to achieve runny or set centers. Additionally, sous vide is well-suited for cooking delicate fish and seafood like salmon and shrimp, as well as vegetables like asparagus and carrots, which retain their vibrant colors and nutrients. Even desserts like crème brûlée and custards can be made using the sous vide method, ensuring a', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sous vide cooking offers a versatile and precise way to prepare a wide range of dishes. You can cook various types of food sous vide, including meats like tender steaks, succulent chicken, and delicate fish. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked to desired doneness. Vegetables such as asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts are perfectly cooked without losing their texture or nutrients. Additionally, fruits like apples and pears can be poached to create delicious desserts. Even tougher cuts of meat like short ribs and lamb shanks become tender and flavorful when cooked sous vide. With precise temperature control, sous', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled flexibility and precision, allowing for the preparation of a vast array of dishes. Meats such as steak, lamb, pork chops, and chicken breast can be cooked to exacting doneness, retaining their juices and tenderness. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked sous vide to achieve perfectly set whites and runny yolks. Additionally, fish and seafood like salmon, tuna, and shrimp benefit from the gentle heat, cooking evenly without becoming overcooked. Furthermore, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be cooked sous vide to preserve their vibrant colors and delicate textures.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the precise preparation of a wide variety of foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork, and lamb can be cooked to exacting temperatures, ensuring tender and juicy results. Eggs, either whole or as omelets, can also be cooked sous vide to achieve a perfectly set texture. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for cooking fish and seafood, like salmon and shrimp, as it helps prevent overcooking. Beyond proteins, sous vide can be used to prepare a range of vegetables, from asparagus and carrots to more delicate items like green beans and peas, helping retain their', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the precise preparation of a wide range of dishes. Proteins such as eggs, steak, chicken, pork chops, and fish can be cooked to exacting doneness, while retaining moisture and flavor. Vegetables like asparagus, Brussels sprouts, and carrots can be cooked to tender perfection without becoming mushy. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for cooking tougher cuts of meat, like short ribs and lamb shanks, to fall-apart tenderness. Even delicate items like lobster, shrimp, and scallops can be cooked with ease, as can grains like quinoa and rice,'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 794429):
Original:     what is sculpture shape space
Reformulated: what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture sh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['In the realm of sculpture, shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm within which a sculptor works, encompassing the physical area that a sculpture occupies. It is the tangible, volumetric zone that a sculpture inhabits and interacts with, influencing how the artwork is perceived and experienced by the viewer. The concept of shape space takes into account not only the physical dimensions of the sculpture itself, but also the negative space surrounding it, as well as the relationships between the sculpture, its environment, and the observer. By manipulating shape space, sculptors can create dynamic, thought-provoking pieces that engage the viewer on multiple levels, inviting', "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create their artworks, encompassing the physical volume and negative space surrounding and within the sculpture. It is an abstract concept that considers the interplay between the sculpture's form, its surroundings, and the viewer's perception. Shape space in sculpture can be broken down into two main categories: the positive shape, which is the physical form of the sculpture itself, and the negative shape, which is the empty space that surrounds and pervades the sculpture. Mastering the manipulation of shape space is crucial for sculptors, as it allows them to create complex, dynamic,", 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and interacts with its surroundings. It encompasses the physical dimensions of the sculpture, including its height, width, and depth, as well as the negative space around and within it. This concept is crucial in sculpture as it influences the overall visual impact, balance, and emotional resonance of the artwork. By manipulating shape, size, and negative space, sculptors can create dynamic and thought-provoking pieces that engage the viewer and challenge perceptions. Effective use of sculpture shape space can transform a static object into a immersive experience, inviting the viewer to explore and interact', "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptures exist and interact with their surroundings. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the sculpture itself, as well as the negative space around and within it. This concept is crucial in sculpture design, as artists must consider how their work will engage with and alter the viewer's perception of the surrounding space. By manipulating shape, scale, and placement, sculptors can create dynamic relationships between the artwork, the viewer, and the environment, ultimately transforming the space into an integral part of the overall sculptural experience.", "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptures exist and are perceived. It is the physical and visual environment that surrounds a sculpture, influencing how the artwork is experienced and interpreted by the viewer. This space includes the negative space around the sculpture, as well as the positive space occupied by the sculpture itself. Effective use of shape space in sculpture can create a dynamic interplay between form, texture, and atmosphere, drawing the viewer's eye and guiding their perception of the artwork. By manipulating shape space, sculptors can add depth, complexity, and emotional resonance to their creations, engaging the viewer on multiple levels and"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 29, 'docs_len': 3416, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'In the realm of sculpture, shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm within which a sculptor works, encompassing the physical area that a sculpture occupies. It is the tangible, volumetric zone that a sculpture inhabits and interacts with, influencing how the artwork is perceived and experienced by the viewer. The concept of shape space takes into account not only the physical dimensions of the sculpture itself, but also the negative space surrounding it, as well as the relationships between the sculpture, its environment, and the observer. By manipulating shape space, sculptors can create dynamic, thought-provoking pieces that engage the viewer on multiple levels, inviting', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create their artworks, encompassing the physical volume and negative space surrounding and within the sculpture. It is an abstract concept that considers the interplay between the sculpture's form, its surroundings, and the viewer's perception. Shape space in sculpture can be broken down into two main categories: the positive shape, which is the physical form of the sculpture itself, and the negative shape, which is the empty space that surrounds and pervades the sculpture. Mastering the manipulation of shape space is crucial for sculptors, as it allows them to create complex, dynamic,", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and interacts with its surroundings. It encompasses the physical dimensions of the sculpture, including its height, width, and depth, as well as the negative space around and within it. This concept is crucial in sculpture as it influences the overall visual impact, balance, and emotional resonance of the artwork. By manipulating shape, size, and negative space, sculptors can create dynamic and thought-provoking pieces that engage the viewer and challenge perceptions. Effective use of sculpture shape space can transform a static object into a immersive experience, inviting the viewer to explore and interact', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptures exist and interact with their surroundings. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the sculpture itself, as well as the negative space around and within it. This concept is crucial in sculpture design, as artists must consider how their work will engage with and alter the viewer's perception of the surrounding space. By manipulating shape, scale, and placement, sculptors can create dynamic relationships between the artwork, the viewer, and the environment, ultimately transforming the space into an integral part of the overall sculptural experience.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptures exist and are perceived. It is the physical and visual environment that surrounds a sculpture, influencing how the artwork is experienced and interpreted by the viewer. This space includes the negative space around the sculpture, as well as the positive space occupied by the sculpture itself. Effective use of shape space in sculpture can create a dynamic interplay between form, texture, and atmosphere, drawing the viewer's eye and guiding their perception of the artwork. By manipulating shape space, sculptors can add depth, complexity, and emotional resonance to their creations, engaging the viewer on multiple levels and"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 801118):
Original:     what is supplemental security income used for
Reformulated: what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is suppleme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential expenses like rent, utilities, groceries, and medical care, with the goal of enabling recipients to live independently and maintain a minimal standard of living. Eligibility for SSI is based on income and resource limits, as well as the severity of the individual's disability or circumstances. By providing a safety net, SSI", 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 and older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential expenses, including rent or mortgage payments, utilities, medical care, and personal items. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use the benefits to purchase necessary items like prosthetic devices, wheelchairs, or other assistive technology. Overall, the goal of SSI is to provide a safety net and ensure that vulnerable', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. Eligible recipients can use SSI funds to pay for essential expenses like rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI benefits can also be used to cover other necessities, including transportation, household items, and personal care services. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI aims to enhance the overall quality of life and independence of vulnerable populations', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The benefits can be used to cover essential expenses like rent, utilities, groceries, and medical care, enabling individuals to maintain a minimum standard of living. Additionally, SSI recipients may also be eligible for other benefits, including Medicaid and food assistance programs, further supporting their overall well-being and independence. By providing a safety net, SSI plays a vital role in ensuring that', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, clothing, and shelter. The funds can be used to pay for essential expenses, including rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to cover other necessary expenses, such as transportation costs, personal care items, and home maintenance. The goal of SSI is to enable eligible individuals to maintain a minimum level of income and independence'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 3337, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential expenses like rent, utilities, groceries, and medical care, with the goal of enabling recipients to live independently and maintain a minimal standard of living. Eligibility for SSI is based on income and resource limits, as well as the severity of the individual's disability or circumstances. By providing a safety net, SSI", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 and older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential expenses, including rent or mortgage payments, utilities, medical care, and personal items. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use the benefits to purchase necessary items like prosthetic devices, wheelchairs, or other assistive technology. Overall, the goal of SSI is to provide a safety net and ensure that vulnerable', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. Eligible recipients can use SSI funds to pay for essential expenses like rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI benefits can also be used to cover other necessities, including transportation, household items, and personal care services. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI aims to enhance the overall quality of life and independence of vulnerable populations', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The benefits can be used to cover essential expenses like rent, utilities, groceries, and medical care, enabling individuals to maintain a minimum standard of living. Additionally, SSI recipients may also be eligible for other benefits, including Medicaid and food assistance programs, further supporting their overall well-being and independence. By providing a safety net, SSI plays a vital role in ensuring that', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, clothing, and shelter. The funds can be used to pay for essential expenses, including rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to cover other necessary expenses, such as transportation costs, personal care items, and home maintenance. The goal of SSI is to enable eligible individuals to maintain a minimum level of income and independence'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 190044):
Original:     foods to detox liver naturally
Reformulated: foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Incorporating specific foods into your diet can help naturally detoxify the liver. Leafy green vegetables like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which aids in removing toxins and heavy metals from the body. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits such as lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function and enhance digestion. Additionally, cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain compounds that support the liver's natural detoxification processes. Foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as salmon and walnuts, also help reduce inflammation and promote overall liver health. By consuming these foods regularly, individuals can support their liver's natural detox", 'Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the natural detoxification process of the liver. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which can aid in removing toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function, and sulfur-rich foods like garlic and onions, which enhance liver enzyme production. Additionally, drinking plenty of green tea and consuming fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut can also support liver health by stimulating the removal of toxins and promoting the growth of beneficial gut bacteria. By incorporating these foods into your diet,', "To detox the liver naturally, incorporating specific foods into your diet can be highly beneficial. Leafy green vegetables like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the bloodstream, allowing the liver to function more efficiently. Other beneficial foods include sulfur-rich garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes that help flush out toxins, as well as citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function and promote the production of digestive enzymes. Additionally, green tea, rich in antioxidants, can help protect the liver from damage caused by free radicals, while cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower support the liver's natural detox", 'To detox the liver naturally, incorporating specific foods into your diet can be highly beneficial. Foods rich in antioxidants and fiber, such as leafy greens like spinach and kale, can help cleanse the liver. Additionally, cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain compounds that support liver function and promote toxin elimination. Other foods like green tea, which is rich in catechins, and citrus fruits like lemons and limes, high in vitamin C, can also aid in liver detoxification by boosting its natural cleansing processes. Furthermore, omega-3 fatty acid-rich foods such as salmon and walnuts support overall liver health, while fermented foods', 'Detoxifying the liver naturally can be achieved through a diet rich in specific foods. Leafy greens like spinach, kale, and collard greens are high in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function, and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain sulforaphane, a compound that supports liver detoxification. Additionally, drinking green tea and consuming fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut can also aid in liver cleansing due to their antioxidant and probiotic properties. Incorporating these foods into your diet can'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3440, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Incorporating specific foods into your diet can help naturally detoxify the liver. Leafy green vegetables like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which aids in removing toxins and heavy metals from the body. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits such as lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function and enhance digestion. Additionally, cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain compounds that support the liver's natural detoxification processes. Foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as salmon and walnuts, also help reduce inflammation and promote overall liver health. By consuming these foods regularly, individuals can support their liver's natural detox", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the natural detoxification process of the liver. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which can aid in removing toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function, and sulfur-rich foods like garlic and onions, which enhance liver enzyme production. Additionally, drinking plenty of green tea and consuming fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut can also support liver health by stimulating the removal of toxins and promoting the growth of beneficial gut bacteria. By incorporating these foods into your diet,', 'pseudo_doc_3': "To detox the liver naturally, incorporating specific foods into your diet can be highly beneficial. Leafy green vegetables like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the bloodstream, allowing the liver to function more efficiently. Other beneficial foods include sulfur-rich garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes that help flush out toxins, as well as citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function and promote the production of digestive enzymes. Additionally, green tea, rich in antioxidants, can help protect the liver from damage caused by free radicals, while cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower support the liver's natural detox", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To detox the liver naturally, incorporating specific foods into your diet can be highly beneficial. Foods rich in antioxidants and fiber, such as leafy greens like spinach and kale, can help cleanse the liver. Additionally, cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain compounds that support liver function and promote toxin elimination. Other foods like green tea, which is rich in catechins, and citrus fruits like lemons and limes, high in vitamin C, can also aid in liver detoxification by boosting its natural cleansing processes. Furthermore, omega-3 fatty acid-rich foods such as salmon and walnuts support overall liver health, while fermented foods', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Detoxifying the liver naturally can be achieved through a diet rich in specific foods. Leafy greens like spinach, kale, and collard greens are high in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function, and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain sulforaphane, a compound that supports liver detoxification. Additionally, drinking green tea and consuming fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut can also aid in liver cleansing due to their antioxidant and probiotic properties. Incorporating these foods into your diet can'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 451602):
Original:     medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation
Reformulated: medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a mechanical device to support or replace spontaneous breathing in a patient. This life-sustaining therapy is typically initiated when a patient's respiratory system is unable to provide adequate oxygenation or ventilation on its own. Medicare considers mechanical ventilation to be medically necessary when a patient requires invasive or non-invasive ventilatory support, such as a ventilator or bilevel positive airway pressure (BiPAP) machine, to maintain adequate respiratory function. The definition encompasses various settings, including hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and home care, and is used to determine coverage and reimbursement for related", "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a ventilator to support or completely take over the breathing process for a patient. This life-sustaining intervention is typically reserved for individuals with respiratory failure, who are unable to breathe adequately on their own due to illness, injury, or other medical conditions. To qualify for Medicare coverage, mechanical ventilation must be deemed medically necessary, meaning it is reasonably expected to improve or maintain the patient's condition, and is ordered by a physician as part of an overall treatment plan. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) further specify that mechanical ventilation must be provided in a setting", 'According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to support or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This life-sustaining intervention is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) setting and involves the insertion of an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy tube to deliver oxygen and air into the lungs. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation is generally provided for patients who require prolonged ventilation, typically exceeding 96 hours, and is often conditioned on the patient meeting specific clinical criteria, such as having a severe respiratory illness or being in a state of respiratory failure.', "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a device to support or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe adequately on their own. This life-sustaining treatment is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other acute care setting, and involves the use of a ventilator machine to deliver oxygen and remove carbon dioxide from the lungs. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient's respiratory failure is severe enough to require invasive or non-invasive support to maintain adequate oxygenation and ventilation. The definition encompasses various modes of ventilation, including invasive ventilation via an endotracheal", "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a life-sustaining therapy that assists or takes over breathing for patients who are unable to breathe on their own. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient requires support for at least 24 hours and has a condition that impairs their ability to breathe, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pneumonia, or respiratory failure. The therapy involves the use of a ventilator, a machine that delivers air or oxygen into the lungs through a tube inserted into the patient's airway, with the goal of maintaining adequate oxygenation and carbon dioxide removal. Medicare covers"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 47, 'docs_len': 3602, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a mechanical device to support or replace spontaneous breathing in a patient. This life-sustaining therapy is typically initiated when a patient's respiratory system is unable to provide adequate oxygenation or ventilation on its own. Medicare considers mechanical ventilation to be medically necessary when a patient requires invasive or non-invasive ventilatory support, such as a ventilator or bilevel positive airway pressure (BiPAP) machine, to maintain adequate respiratory function. The definition encompasses various settings, including hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and home care, and is used to determine coverage and reimbursement for related", 'pseudo_doc_2': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a ventilator to support or completely take over the breathing process for a patient. This life-sustaining intervention is typically reserved for individuals with respiratory failure, who are unable to breathe adequately on their own due to illness, injury, or other medical conditions. To qualify for Medicare coverage, mechanical ventilation must be deemed medically necessary, meaning it is reasonably expected to improve or maintain the patient's condition, and is ordered by a physician as part of an overall treatment plan. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) further specify that mechanical ventilation must be provided in a setting", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to support or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This life-sustaining intervention is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) setting and involves the insertion of an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy tube to deliver oxygen and air into the lungs. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation is generally provided for patients who require prolonged ventilation, typically exceeding 96 hours, and is often conditioned on the patient meeting specific clinical criteria, such as having a severe respiratory illness or being in a state of respiratory failure.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a device to support or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe adequately on their own. This life-sustaining treatment is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other acute care setting, and involves the use of a ventilator machine to deliver oxygen and remove carbon dioxide from the lungs. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient's respiratory failure is severe enough to require invasive or non-invasive support to maintain adequate oxygenation and ventilation. The definition encompasses various modes of ventilation, including invasive ventilation via an endotracheal", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a life-sustaining therapy that assists or takes over breathing for patients who are unable to breathe on their own. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient requires support for at least 24 hours and has a condition that impairs their ability to breathe, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pneumonia, or respiratory failure. The therapy involves the use of a ventilator, a machine that delivers air or oxygen into the lungs through a tube inserted into the patient's airway, with the goal of maintaining adequate oxygenation and carbon dioxide removal. Medicare covers"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 177604):
Original:     eating foods that are considered warm
Reformulated: eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foo...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, can have a significant impact on the body. In traditional Chinese medicine, warm foods are believed to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide energy. These foods are thought to have a thermogenic effect, meaning they can help raise the body's internal temperature and boost metabolism. Incorporating warm foods into one's diet can be particularly beneficial during colder months or for individuals with digestive issues, as they can help to nourish and warm the body from the inside out.", 'Eating foods that are considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine can help to nourish and energize the body. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and garlic, are believed to possess a warming energy that can help to stimulate digestion, improve circulation, and boost immunity. Warm foods are often recommended for individuals with cold or sluggish constitutions, as they can help to balance the body\'s energy and promote overall well-being. Examples of warm foods include meats like lamb and chicken, as well as spices and herbs like cinnamon and cayenne pepper. By incorporating these foods into one\'s diet, individuals can experience improved vitality', "Eating foods that are considered warm, according to traditional Chinese medicine, can help to balance the body's energy and promote overall well-being. Warm foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are thought to stimulate digestion and increase blood flow, making them ideal for individuals with cold or sluggish constitutions. Additionally, consuming warm foods during the colder months can help to ward off respiratory infections and boost immunity. It is essential, however, to consume these foods in moderation, as excessive heat can lead to an imbalance in the body's energy, causing symptoms such as inflammation and irritability. A balanced diet that incorporates a variety of", 'In the realm of traditional Chinese medicine and certain cultural cuisines, "warm" foods are those believed to possess inherent thermal properties that can help balance the body\'s energy, or "qi." These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are thought to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide warmth to the body. Consuming warm foods is often recommended during colder months or for individuals with certain health conditions, as they are believed to help counteract cooler, more sluggish energies. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals may experience improved digestion, enhanced metabolism, and a general sense of well-being, although it', 'Consuming foods considered "warm" refers to a dietary approach rooted in traditional Chinese medicine, where certain foods are believed to possess inherent thermal properties. Warm foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase the body\'s internal heat and promote digestion, circulation, and energy. These foods are often recommended for individuals with cold or stagnant conditions, such as arthritis or digestive issues, as they are believed to help restore balance to the body\'s energy, or "qi." However, it\'s essential to note that the concept of warm and cold foods is not universally accepted and may not be applicable to everyone, making it'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 3306, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, can have a significant impact on the body. In traditional Chinese medicine, warm foods are believed to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide energy. These foods are thought to have a thermogenic effect, meaning they can help raise the body's internal temperature and boost metabolism. Incorporating warm foods into one's diet can be particularly beneficial during colder months or for individuals with digestive issues, as they can help to nourish and warm the body from the inside out.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Eating foods that are considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine can help to nourish and energize the body. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and garlic, are believed to possess a warming energy that can help to stimulate digestion, improve circulation, and boost immunity. Warm foods are often recommended for individuals with cold or sluggish constitutions, as they can help to balance the body\'s energy and promote overall well-being. Examples of warm foods include meats like lamb and chicken, as well as spices and herbs like cinnamon and cayenne pepper. By incorporating these foods into one\'s diet, individuals can experience improved vitality', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Eating foods that are considered warm, according to traditional Chinese medicine, can help to balance the body's energy and promote overall well-being. Warm foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are thought to stimulate digestion and increase blood flow, making them ideal for individuals with cold or sluggish constitutions. Additionally, consuming warm foods during the colder months can help to ward off respiratory infections and boost immunity. It is essential, however, to consume these foods in moderation, as excessive heat can lead to an imbalance in the body's energy, causing symptoms such as inflammation and irritability. A balanced diet that incorporates a variety of", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'In the realm of traditional Chinese medicine and certain cultural cuisines, "warm" foods are those believed to possess inherent thermal properties that can help balance the body\'s energy, or "qi." These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are thought to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide warmth to the body. Consuming warm foods is often recommended during colder months or for individuals with certain health conditions, as they are believed to help counteract cooler, more sluggish energies. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals may experience improved digestion, enhanced metabolism, and a general sense of well-being, although it', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Consuming foods considered "warm" refers to a dietary approach rooted in traditional Chinese medicine, where certain foods are believed to possess inherent thermal properties. Warm foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase the body\'s internal heat and promote digestion, circulation, and energy. These foods are often recommended for individuals with cold or stagnant conditions, such as arthritis or digestive issues, as they are believed to help restore balance to the body\'s energy, or "qi." However, it\'s essential to note that the concept of warm and cold foods is not universally accepted and may not be applicable to everyone, making it'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 966413):
Original:     where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement?
Reformulated: where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supp...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement can be found in its potential to aid in blood sugar regulation, weight management, and digestive health. Cinnamon has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which may help reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon supplements have been found to have antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and oxidative stress. By incorporating cinnamon into one's diet as a supplement, individuals may experience improved insulin sensitivity, reduced inflammation, and enhanced overall well-being. However, it is essential to consult with a healthcare professional before adding cinnamon supplements to your regimen, as", 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Consuming cinnamon in supplement form has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar control, with studies indicating that it can help lower fasting blood glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon supplements have anti-inflammatory properties, which can help alleviate symptoms of arthritis and other inflammatory conditions. Cinnamon has also been found to have antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain cancers. Furthermore, cinnamon supplements may also have a beneficial effect on cardiovascular health, helping to lower triglycerides and LDL cholesterol', "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are vast and varied, with research highlighting its potential to improve blood sugar control, reduce inflammation, and boost antioxidant levels. Studies have shown that cinnamon supplementation can lower fasting blood glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a promising natural adjunct for managing type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon's anti-inflammatory properties may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis, while its high antioxidant content can protect against cell damage and support overall health. With its potential to promote healthy metabolism, support immune function, and even aid in weight management, incorporating cinnamon as a supplement into one's daily routine may have numerous benefits for", 'Cinnamon, as a dietary supplement, has been found to provide numerous health benefits due to its bioactive compounds. The primary benefits of cinnamon supplementation include improved blood sugar regulation, enhanced insulin sensitivity, and reduced inflammation. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to have antioxidant and antimicrobial properties, which can help protect against oxidative stress and infections. Regular consumption of cinnamon supplements may also contribute to healthier cholesterol levels, improved cognitive function, and a lower risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain types of cancer. However, it is essential to note that while cinnamon is generally considered safe, excessive intake can cause adverse effects, and individual results may', 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Consuming cinnamon supplements has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar control, reducing glucose levels and improving insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, potentially protecting against cell damage and reducing the risk of chronic diseases like heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, cinnamon supplements may aid in weight management by suppressing appetite and boosting metabolism, making it a popular choice for those seeking to support their overall health and wellbeing.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 51, 'docs_len': 3834, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement can be found in its potential to aid in blood sugar regulation, weight management, and digestive health. Cinnamon has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which may help reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon supplements have been found to have antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and oxidative stress. By incorporating cinnamon into one's diet as a supplement, individuals may experience improved insulin sensitivity, reduced inflammation, and enhanced overall well-being. However, it is essential to consult with a healthcare professional before adding cinnamon supplements to your regimen, as", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Consuming cinnamon in supplement form has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar control, with studies indicating that it can help lower fasting blood glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon supplements have anti-inflammatory properties, which can help alleviate symptoms of arthritis and other inflammatory conditions. Cinnamon has also been found to have antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain cancers. Furthermore, cinnamon supplements may also have a beneficial effect on cardiovascular health, helping to lower triglycerides and LDL cholesterol', 'pseudo_doc_3': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are vast and varied, with research highlighting its potential to improve blood sugar control, reduce inflammation, and boost antioxidant levels. Studies have shown that cinnamon supplementation can lower fasting blood glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a promising natural adjunct for managing type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon's anti-inflammatory properties may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis, while its high antioxidant content can protect against cell damage and support overall health. With its potential to promote healthy metabolism, support immune function, and even aid in weight management, incorporating cinnamon as a supplement into one's daily routine may have numerous benefits for", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Cinnamon, as a dietary supplement, has been found to provide numerous health benefits due to its bioactive compounds. The primary benefits of cinnamon supplementation include improved blood sugar regulation, enhanced insulin sensitivity, and reduced inflammation. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to have antioxidant and antimicrobial properties, which can help protect against oxidative stress and infections. Regular consumption of cinnamon supplements may also contribute to healthier cholesterol levels, improved cognitive function, and a lower risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain types of cancer. However, it is essential to note that while cinnamon is generally considered safe, excessive intake can cause adverse effects, and individual results may', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Consuming cinnamon supplements has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar control, reducing glucose levels and improving insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, potentially protecting against cell damage and reducing the risk of chronic diseases like heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, cinnamon supplements may aid in weight management by suppressing appetite and boosting metabolism, making it a popular choice for those seeking to support their overall health and wellbeing.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 588587):
Original:     what causes heavy metal toxins in your body
Reformulated: what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including contaminated food, water, and air. Exposure to pollutants such as lead, mercury, and arsenic can occur through the consumption of foods like fish from polluted waters or crops grown in soil with high levels of heavy metals. Additionally, old homes with lead-based paint, polluted industrial sites, and workplaces that handle heavy metals can also be sources of exposure. Furthermore, the use of certain personal care products, imported cosmetics, or traditional medicines that contain heavy metals can also lead to toxicity. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can lead to serious health issues, including neurological damage', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various environmental and lifestyle factors. Exposure to polluted air and water, contaminated food, and consumer products containing lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium are common sources of heavy metal intake. Additionally, certain occupations, such as mining and construction, increase the risk of exposure to these toxins. Furthermore, the use of traditional or holistic medicines, cosmetics, and imported goods can also lead to heavy metal exposure. When ingested or inhaled, these toxins can be absorbed into the bloodstream, causing damage to organs, tissues, and cells, and potentially leading to a range of health problems, including', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can originate from various sources, including contaminated water, polluted air, and certain foods. Exposure to lead-based paints, old plumbing, and industrial waste can also lead to the accumulation of heavy metals such as lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, some consumer products like pesticides, cosmetics, and tobacco products may contain heavy metals, which can be ingested or absorbed through the skin. Furthermore, certain medical procedures, such as dental fillings and vaccines, can introduce heavy metals like mercury into the body. When these toxins build up in the body, they can cause a range of health problems, from neurological', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various sources, including contaminated food and water, polluted air, and exposure to industrial chemicals. Common culprits include lead from old paint and pipes, mercury in fish and dental fillings, arsenic in pesticides and groundwater, and cadmium in tobacco smoke and fertilizers. Additionally, everyday products such as cosmetics, cookware, and electronics can also contain heavy metals like chromium, nickel, and aluminum, which can be ingested or absorbed through the skin. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can lead to serious health issues, including neurological damage, organ dysfunction, and increased risk of', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, primarily due to environmental exposure and certain lifestyle choices. Common sources include contaminated water, polluted air, and ingestion of foods grown in soil with high levels of heavy metals such as lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, occupational exposure in industries like mining, smelting, and construction can also lead to the buildup of these toxins. Furthermore, the use of certain products like pesticides, cosmetics, and tobacco products can increase the risk of heavy metal exposure. When these toxins enter the body, they can cause a range of health issues, from neurological damage and organ dysfunction to increased'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3468, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including contaminated food, water, and air. Exposure to pollutants such as lead, mercury, and arsenic can occur through the consumption of foods like fish from polluted waters or crops grown in soil with high levels of heavy metals. Additionally, old homes with lead-based paint, polluted industrial sites, and workplaces that handle heavy metals can also be sources of exposure. Furthermore, the use of certain personal care products, imported cosmetics, or traditional medicines that contain heavy metals can also lead to toxicity. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can lead to serious health issues, including neurological damage', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various environmental and lifestyle factors. Exposure to polluted air and water, contaminated food, and consumer products containing lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium are common sources of heavy metal intake. Additionally, certain occupations, such as mining and construction, increase the risk of exposure to these toxins. Furthermore, the use of traditional or holistic medicines, cosmetics, and imported goods can also lead to heavy metal exposure. When ingested or inhaled, these toxins can be absorbed into the bloodstream, causing damage to organs, tissues, and cells, and potentially leading to a range of health problems, including', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can originate from various sources, including contaminated water, polluted air, and certain foods. Exposure to lead-based paints, old plumbing, and industrial waste can also lead to the accumulation of heavy metals such as lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, some consumer products like pesticides, cosmetics, and tobacco products may contain heavy metals, which can be ingested or absorbed through the skin. Furthermore, certain medical procedures, such as dental fillings and vaccines, can introduce heavy metals like mercury into the body. When these toxins build up in the body, they can cause a range of health problems, from neurological', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various sources, including contaminated food and water, polluted air, and exposure to industrial chemicals. Common culprits include lead from old paint and pipes, mercury in fish and dental fillings, arsenic in pesticides and groundwater, and cadmium in tobacco smoke and fertilizers. Additionally, everyday products such as cosmetics, cookware, and electronics can also contain heavy metals like chromium, nickel, and aluminum, which can be ingested or absorbed through the skin. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can lead to serious health issues, including neurological damage, organ dysfunction, and increased risk of', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, primarily due to environmental exposure and certain lifestyle choices. Common sources include contaminated water, polluted air, and ingestion of foods grown in soil with high levels of heavy metals such as lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, occupational exposure in industries like mining, smelting, and construction can also lead to the buildup of these toxins. Furthermore, the use of certain products like pesticides, cosmetics, and tobacco products can increase the risk of heavy metal exposure. When these toxins enter the body, they can cause a range of health issues, from neurological damage and organ dysfunction to increased'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1108939):
Original:     what slows down the flow of blood
Reformulated: what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The flow of blood in the body can be slowed down by several factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, high blood pressure, and increased blood viscosity. Narrowed or blocked vessels, often caused by plaque buildup or blood clots, impede the smooth flow of blood, forcing the heart to work harder to push blood through the restricted areas. Additionally, high blood pressure can cause blood vessels to become stiff and less flexible, further hindering blood flow. Increased blood viscosity, which can result from dehydration or high levels of red blood cells, also slows down blood flow as thicker blood is more difficult to pump through the blood vessels.', "The flow of blood through the body can be slowed down by several factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, blood clots, and high blood pressure. Additionally, conditions such as atherosclerosis, which involves the buildup of plaque in the arteries, and varicose veins, where the veins become enlarged and twisted, can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, external factors like cold temperatures and dehydration can cause blood vessels to constrict, reducing blood flow, while certain medical conditions, such as Raynaud's disease, can also affect blood flow by causing the blood vessels to narrow in response to stress or cold temperatures.", "Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, a condition often caused by the buildup of plaque, can significantly impede blood flow. Additionally, increased blood viscosity, which can occur due to dehydration or high levels of red blood cells, can also slow down circulation. Furthermore, certain medical conditions such as hypothyroidism and anemia can affect the blood's ability to flow efficiently, leading to a range of health complications if left untreated. External factors like cold temperatures and smoking can also contribute to reduced blood flow by causing blood vessels to constrict.", 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, known as atherosclerosis, can impede blood flow due to the buildup of plaque on the inner linings of the arteries. Additionally, conditions such as high blood pressure and varicose veins can also restrict the flow of blood. Furthermore, external factors like extreme cold temperatures can cause blood vessels to constrict, reducing blood flow to the extremities. Other health issues, such as blood clots and poor circulation, can also contribute to slower blood flow, potentially leading to various cardiovascular complications if left untreated.', "The flow of blood through the body's circulatory system can be slowed down by various factors. A key factor is the narrowing or hardening of blood vessels, known as atherosclerosis, which reduces the space available for blood to flow. Additionally, blood clots, plaque buildup, and high blood pressure can also impede blood flow. Other factors, such as low blood volume, cold temperatures, and certain medical conditions like anemia, can also contribute to slower blood flow. Furthermore, conditions that affect the blood itself, including high viscosity or thickening of the blood, can also reduce the speed at which it circulates throughout the"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 33, 'docs_len': 3258, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The flow of blood in the body can be slowed down by several factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, high blood pressure, and increased blood viscosity. Narrowed or blocked vessels, often caused by plaque buildup or blood clots, impede the smooth flow of blood, forcing the heart to work harder to push blood through the restricted areas. Additionally, high blood pressure can cause blood vessels to become stiff and less flexible, further hindering blood flow. Increased blood viscosity, which can result from dehydration or high levels of red blood cells, also slows down blood flow as thicker blood is more difficult to pump through the blood vessels.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "The flow of blood through the body can be slowed down by several factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, blood clots, and high blood pressure. Additionally, conditions such as atherosclerosis, which involves the buildup of plaque in the arteries, and varicose veins, where the veins become enlarged and twisted, can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, external factors like cold temperatures and dehydration can cause blood vessels to constrict, reducing blood flow, while certain medical conditions, such as Raynaud's disease, can also affect blood flow by causing the blood vessels to narrow in response to stress or cold temperatures.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, a condition often caused by the buildup of plaque, can significantly impede blood flow. Additionally, increased blood viscosity, which can occur due to dehydration or high levels of red blood cells, can also slow down circulation. Furthermore, certain medical conditions such as hypothyroidism and anemia can affect the blood's ability to flow efficiently, leading to a range of health complications if left untreated. External factors like cold temperatures and smoking can also contribute to reduced blood flow by causing blood vessels to constrict.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, known as atherosclerosis, can impede blood flow due to the buildup of plaque on the inner linings of the arteries. Additionally, conditions such as high blood pressure and varicose veins can also restrict the flow of blood. Furthermore, external factors like extreme cold temperatures can cause blood vessels to constrict, reducing blood flow to the extremities. Other health issues, such as blood clots and poor circulation, can also contribute to slower blood flow, potentially leading to various cardiovascular complications if left untreated.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "The flow of blood through the body's circulatory system can be slowed down by various factors. A key factor is the narrowing or hardening of blood vessels, known as atherosclerosis, which reduces the space available for blood to flow. Additionally, blood clots, plaque buildup, and high blood pressure can also impede blood flow. Other factors, such as low blood volume, cold temperatures, and certain medical conditions like anemia, can also contribute to slower blood flow. Furthermore, conditions that affect the blood itself, including high viscosity or thickening of the blood, can also reduce the speed at which it circulates throughout the"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 507445):
Original:     symptoms of different types of brain bleeds
Reformulated: symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different ty...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headaches, vomiting, and seizures, alongside weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. Subarachnoid hemorrhage, characterized by bleeding into the space surrounding the brain, may cause a sudden, severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. An epidural hemorrhage, which involves bleeding between the skull and the outer', 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest differently depending on their location and severity. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe symptoms such as headaches, confusion, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space surrounding the brain, may cause a sudden and extremely painful headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. Meanwhile, a subdural or epidural hemorrhage, occurring between the brain and the skull, can lead to symptoms like headache, d', 'Brain bleeds, or cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in different forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, often presents with sudden and severe headache, vomiting, confusion, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, happening in the space between the brain and the tissue covering it, typically starts with a "thunderclap" headache and may be accompanied by stiff neck, seizures, and loss of consciousness. Epidural and subdural hemorrhages, which occur between the skull and the outer', 'Symptoms of brain bleeds vary depending on the type and location of the bleed. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, may cause sudden and severe headaches, vomiting, seizures, and loss of coordination or balance. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, often presents with a sudden and severe headache, neck stiffness, sensitivity to light, and vomiting. An epidural hematoma, which occurs between the skull and the outer membrane covering the brain, may lead to headache, confusion, seizures, and weakness on one side of the body. Meanwhile', 'Symptoms of brain bleeds can vary depending on the type and location of the hemorrhage. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe symptoms such as intense headache, confusion, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, typically causes a sudden, severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. An epidural hematoma, which occurs between the skull and the'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3059, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headaches, vomiting, and seizures, alongside weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. Subarachnoid hemorrhage, characterized by bleeding into the space surrounding the brain, may cause a sudden, severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. An epidural hemorrhage, which involves bleeding between the skull and the outer', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest differently depending on their location and severity. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe symptoms such as headaches, confusion, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space surrounding the brain, may cause a sudden and extremely painful headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. Meanwhile, a subdural or epidural hemorrhage, occurring between the brain and the skull, can lead to symptoms like headache, d', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Brain bleeds, or cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in different forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, often presents with sudden and severe headache, vomiting, confusion, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, happening in the space between the brain and the tissue covering it, typically starts with a "thunderclap" headache and may be accompanied by stiff neck, seizures, and loss of consciousness. Epidural and subdural hemorrhages, which occur between the skull and the outer', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Symptoms of brain bleeds vary depending on the type and location of the bleed. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, may cause sudden and severe headaches, vomiting, seizures, and loss of coordination or balance. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, often presents with a sudden and severe headache, neck stiffness, sensitivity to light, and vomiting. An epidural hematoma, which occurs between the skull and the outer membrane covering the brain, may lead to headache, confusion, seizures, and weakness on one side of the body. Meanwhile', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Symptoms of brain bleeds can vary depending on the type and location of the hemorrhage. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe symptoms such as intense headache, confusion, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, typically causes a sudden, severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. An epidural hematoma, which occurs between the skull and the'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

