Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 23849):
Original:     are naturalization records public information
Reformulated: are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalizati...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Naturalization records, which document the process of becoming a citizen in the United States, are generally considered public information. This means they can often be accessed by the public through various government agencies, such as the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). However, certain sensitive information, like Social Security numbers and home addresses, may be redacted for privacy reasons. Requests for these records can typically be made through official channels or online platforms provided by USCIS.', 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed through federal archives or online databases. However, detailed personal information such as addresses and employment history may be redacted for privacy reasons. Individuals can request access to their own naturalization records or seek information about another person through the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website or by visiting a local USCIS office.', "Naturalization records, which document the process of individuals becoming citizens of the United States, are generally considered public information. This means that these records can be accessed by the public through various government archives or online databases. However, specific details such as application forms and supporting documents may be redacted to protect personal privacy. It's important to note that while the basic information about a person's naturalization process is publicly available, some sensitive information may be withheld.", 'Naturalization records, which document the process of citizenship for immigrants, are generally considered public information. This means they can be accessed by the public through various federal archives and online databases. However, certain personal details may be redacted for privacy reasons, particularly in records from more recent years. Individuals can request access to their own naturalization records or those of deceased relatives, while anyone can search for public records under guidelines set by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA).', "Naturalization records, which document the process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are generally considered public information. However, the specific details available may vary. Most records from 1906 and later are accessible through the National Archives or online databases like Ancestry.com. It's important to note that some personal information, such as addresses and birth dates, may be redacted for privacy reasons. Researchers or individuals can access these records with proper documentation proving their interest, such as a direct familial relationship or legal right to obtain the information."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 2720, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Naturalization records, which document the process of becoming a citizen in the United States, are generally considered public information. This means they can often be accessed by the public through various government agencies, such as the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). However, certain sensitive information, like Social Security numbers and home addresses, may be redacted for privacy reasons. Requests for these records can typically be made through official channels or online platforms provided by USCIS.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed through federal archives or online databases. However, detailed personal information such as addresses and employment history may be redacted for privacy reasons. Individuals can request access to their own naturalization records or seek information about another person through the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website or by visiting a local USCIS office.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Naturalization records, which document the process of individuals becoming citizens of the United States, are generally considered public information. This means that these records can be accessed by the public through various government archives or online databases. However, specific details such as application forms and supporting documents may be redacted to protect personal privacy. It's important to note that while the basic information about a person's naturalization process is publicly available, some sensitive information may be withheld.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Naturalization records, which document the process of citizenship for immigrants, are generally considered public information. This means they can be accessed by the public through various federal archives and online databases. However, certain personal details may be redacted for privacy reasons, particularly in records from more recent years. Individuals can request access to their own naturalization records or those of deceased relatives, while anyone can search for public records under guidelines set by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA).', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Naturalization records, which document the process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are generally considered public information. However, the specific details available may vary. Most records from 1906 and later are accessible through the National Archives or online databases like Ancestry.com. It's important to note that some personal information, such as addresses and birth dates, may be redacted for privacy reasons. Researchers or individuals can access these records with proper documentation proving their interest, such as a direct familial relationship or legal right to obtain the information."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 156498):
Original:     do google docs auto save
Reformulated: do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and minimizes the risk of data loss due to unexpected issues. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on "File" and selecting "Save" or "Save As.', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and minimizes the risk of data loss due to unexpected shutdowns or errors. You can also manually trigger a save by clicking "File" and selecting "Save" if you prefer to manage save actions yourself.', "Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5-10 minutes. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. However, it's still recommended to manually save your document periodically or frequently work on a copy in Google Drive to avoid any potential issues.", 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing any changes due to unexpected interruptions. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save.', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5 to 10 minutes, to ensure that your documents are always up-to-date and easily recoverable. This feature helps prevent data loss due to unexpected interruptions such as power outages or software crashes.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 1654, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and minimizes the risk of data loss due to unexpected issues. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on "File" and selecting "Save" or "Save As.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and minimizes the risk of data loss due to unexpected shutdowns or errors. You can also manually trigger a save by clicking "File" and selecting "Save" if you prefer to manage save actions yourself.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5-10 minutes. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. However, it's still recommended to manually save your document periodically or frequently work on a copy in Google Drive to avoid any potential issues.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing any changes due to unexpected interruptions. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5 to 10 minutes, to ensure that your documents are always up-to-date and easily recoverable. This feature helps prevent data loss due to unexpected interruptions such as power outages or software crashes.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 258062):
Original:     how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth
Reformulated: how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it tak...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on several factors, including the position and orientation of the tooth. Simple extractions typically take around 15 to 30 minutes, while more complex cases involving impacted teeth can take up to an hour or longer.术后恢复时间通常为几天到一周，具体取决于手术的复杂程度和个人恢复情况。', "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and your oral anatomy. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes. Simple extractions, where the tooth is accessible and can be removed with forceps, typically take around 30 minutes. More complex cases, such as impacted teeth that require surgical incisions, can take up to an hour or longer. Recovery from the extraction usually begins immediately after the surgery, but complete healing can take several weeks.", "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the tooth's position and the complexity of the extraction. Generally, a simple extraction can take anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes. More complex cases, involving impacted teeth or additional surgical procedures, may take longer, sometimes up to an hour or more. Recovery time after the procedure typically lasts a few days to a week, during which patients should follow their dentist's post-operative care instructions to ensure proper healing.", "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the tooth's position and the complexity of the extraction. Generally, a simple extraction under local anesthesia might take around 30 to 45 minutes. However, if the tooth is impacted or requires more complex procedures like incisions or bone removal, the process can take longer, typically ranging from 45 minutes to an hour or more. Recovery times also vary but usually last a few days to a week, with full healing taking several weeks.", 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on its position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes, but recovery time afterward can last several days. Immediate post-operative care includes taking prescribed medications and managing pain and swelling. Full healing, including the reduction of swelling and numbness, typically takes 1 to 2 weeks. However, complete bone healing may take up to 6 months.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 2349, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on several factors, including the position and orientation of the tooth. Simple extractions typically take around 15 to 30 minutes, while more complex cases involving impacted teeth can take up to an hour or longer.术后恢复时间通常为几天到一周，具体取决于手术的复杂程度和个人恢复情况。', 'pseudo_doc_2': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and your oral anatomy. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes. Simple extractions, where the tooth is accessible and can be removed with forceps, typically take around 30 minutes. More complex cases, such as impacted teeth that require surgical incisions, can take up to an hour or longer. Recovery from the extraction usually begins immediately after the surgery, but complete healing can take several weeks.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the tooth's position and the complexity of the extraction. Generally, a simple extraction can take anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes. More complex cases, involving impacted teeth or additional surgical procedures, may take longer, sometimes up to an hour or more. Recovery time after the procedure typically lasts a few days to a week, during which patients should follow their dentist's post-operative care instructions to ensure proper healing.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the tooth's position and the complexity of the extraction. Generally, a simple extraction under local anesthesia might take around 30 to 45 minutes. However, if the tooth is impacted or requires more complex procedures like incisions or bone removal, the process can take longer, typically ranging from 45 minutes to an hour or more. Recovery times also vary but usually last a few days to a week, with full healing taking several weeks.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on its position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes, but recovery time afterward can last several days. Immediate post-operative care includes taking prescribed medications and managing pain and swelling. Full healing, including the reduction of swelling and numbness, typically takes 1 to 2 weeks. However, complete bone healing may take up to 6 months.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1071750):
Original:     why is pete rose banned from hall of fame
Reformulated: why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hal...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his gambling habit and the use of unauthorized betting lines while working as a baseball umpire in the late 1980s. His ban was finalized in 2016 when he was permanently barred by Major League Baseball (MLB) from all baseball activities, including Hall of Fame induction. This decision was based on MLB's strict anti-gambling policies and the integrity concerns associated with Rose's actions. Despite his legendary batting skills and record-setting career, these actions prevented him from being enshrined in the Hall of Fame.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame primarily due to his career-long involvement in gambling on baseball games, including those he played in. The decision to ban him came after he publicly admitted to betting on games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies, and San Diego Padres. This action violated Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict anti-gambling policies at the time. Although Rose's batting skills and records were exceptional, the ethics breach was deemed too severe to allow him induction into the Hall of Fame, a decision upheld by MLB and the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA).", "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games. Specifically, Rose bet on baseball games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds, a practice that violates Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict ethics code. Although he retired as one of baseball's greatest hitters, his actions during his playing career led MLB to permanently ban him from baseball, including his eligibility for the Hall of Fame. This decision, made in 1992, remains a significant part of Rose's legacy in baseball.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games, including those he played in. Despite his legendary batting skills and career home run record, Rose faced significant controversy after it was revealed that he had bet on games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds and other teams. The sport's governing body, Major League Baseball (MLB), imposed a lifetime ban on Rose in 1989, effectively ending his chances of induction into the Hall of Fame based on its rules prohibiting such behavior. This decision remains controversial among fans and historians, with many arguing that his achievements on the field should outweigh his off", "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his career-long gambling habit, which became public knowledge after he retired. The Hall of Fame has strict ethical standards, and Rose's actions violated these principles. Although he had an unparalleled batting average and played for multiple teams, including the Cincinnati Reds, his ban was finalized in 2018, over two decades after his playing career ended. The decision was based on the fact that he gambled on baseball games, including those involving his own team, which is strictly prohibited by Major League Baseball."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3003, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his gambling habit and the use of unauthorized betting lines while working as a baseball umpire in the late 1980s. His ban was finalized in 2016 when he was permanently barred by Major League Baseball (MLB) from all baseball activities, including Hall of Fame induction. This decision was based on MLB's strict anti-gambling policies and the integrity concerns associated with Rose's actions. Despite his legendary batting skills and record-setting career, these actions prevented him from being enshrined in the Hall of Fame.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame primarily due to his career-long involvement in gambling on baseball games, including those he played in. The decision to ban him came after he publicly admitted to betting on games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies, and San Diego Padres. This action violated Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict anti-gambling policies at the time. Although Rose's batting skills and records were exceptional, the ethics breach was deemed too severe to allow him induction into the Hall of Fame, a decision upheld by MLB and the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA).", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games. Specifically, Rose bet on baseball games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds, a practice that violates Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict ethics code. Although he retired as one of baseball's greatest hitters, his actions during his playing career led MLB to permanently ban him from baseball, including his eligibility for the Hall of Fame. This decision, made in 1992, remains a significant part of Rose's legacy in baseball.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games, including those he played in. Despite his legendary batting skills and career home run record, Rose faced significant controversy after it was revealed that he had bet on games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds and other teams. The sport's governing body, Major League Baseball (MLB), imposed a lifetime ban on Rose in 1989, effectively ending his chances of induction into the Hall of Fame based on its rules prohibiting such behavior. This decision remains controversial among fans and historians, with many arguing that his achievements on the field should outweigh his off", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his career-long gambling habit, which became public knowledge after he retired. The Hall of Fame has strict ethical standards, and Rose's actions violated these principles. Although he had an unparalleled batting average and played for multiple teams, including the Cincinnati Reds, his ban was finalized in 2018, over two decades after his playing career ended. The decision was based on the fact that he gambled on baseball games, including those involving his own team, which is strictly prohibited by Major League Baseball."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 67316):
Original:     can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy
Reformulated: can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarri...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks, though it does not directly cause miscarriage. High temperatures, particularly if sustained for extended periods, may increase the risk of complications. It is important for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly with appropriate medical advice, often using safe medications like acetaminophen (paracetamol) under healthcare provider guidance. Maintaining hydration and seeking medical attention if a fever persists or is severe is crucial for ensuring the health of both the mother and the developing fetus.', 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially cause complications, including the risk of miscarriage. Elevated body temperature, especially if it persists or is very high, may affect fetal development. However, the relationship between fever and miscarriage is complex and influenced by various factors, such as the duration and severity of the fever, as well as individual health conditions. It is important for pregnant women to seek medical advice if they experience fever or any other concerning symptoms to manage their health effectively.', 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially cause complications, including miscarriage. High body temperature, often associated with infections or other conditions, may affect the developing fetus. However, the risk is generally higher if the fever is severe and prolonged. It is advisable for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly with appropriate treatment and seek medical advice to ensure both maternal and fetal health.', 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks to the developing fetus. High temperatures, if prolonged or severe, may increase the risk of miscarriage. However, mild fevers usually do not cause significant harm. It is advisable for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly with appropriate treatment and hydration. Consulting a healthcare provider for proper guidance is crucial in such situations.', 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially cause complications, including miscarriage. High body temperatures, particularly when sustained over several days, may increase the risk of miscarriage. However, it is important to note that while fever can be a contributing factor, other factors such as genetic issues and chromosomal abnormalities are often more significant in miscarriages. Managing fever with appropriate medications and addressing underlying causes under medical supervision can help mitigate risks. Always consult with a healthcare provider for guidance during pregnancy.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 2539, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks, though it does not directly cause miscarriage. High temperatures, particularly if sustained for extended periods, may increase the risk of complications. It is important for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly with appropriate medical advice, often using safe medications like acetaminophen (paracetamol) under healthcare provider guidance. Maintaining hydration and seeking medical attention if a fever persists or is severe is crucial for ensuring the health of both the mother and the developing fetus.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially cause complications, including the risk of miscarriage. Elevated body temperature, especially if it persists or is very high, may affect fetal development. However, the relationship between fever and miscarriage is complex and influenced by various factors, such as the duration and severity of the fever, as well as individual health conditions. It is important for pregnant women to seek medical advice if they experience fever or any other concerning symptoms to manage their health effectively.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially cause complications, including miscarriage. High body temperature, often associated with infections or other conditions, may affect the developing fetus. However, the risk is generally higher if the fever is severe and prolonged. It is advisable for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly with appropriate treatment and seek medical advice to ensure both maternal and fetal health.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks to the developing fetus. High temperatures, if prolonged or severe, may increase the risk of miscarriage. However, mild fevers usually do not cause significant harm. It is advisable for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly with appropriate treatment and hydration. Consulting a healthcare provider for proper guidance is crucial in such situations.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially cause complications, including miscarriage. High body temperatures, particularly when sustained over several days, may increase the risk of miscarriage. However, it is important to note that while fever can be a contributing factor, other factors such as genetic issues and chromosomal abnormalities are often more significant in miscarriages. Managing fever with appropriate medications and addressing underlying causes under medical supervision can help mitigate risks. Always consult with a healthcare provider for guidance during pregnancy.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 169208):
Original:     does mississippi have an income tax
Reformulated: does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi hav...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the United States, Mississippi relies on other forms of taxation, such as sales taxes and property taxes, to fund its state government.', 'Mississippi does not have a state income tax. Residents are exempt from paying taxes on their income to the state level, although localities such as cities or counties may impose their own taxes.', 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the United States, Mississippi relies solely on sales taxes, property taxes, and various fees for revenue collection. This means that income earned by residents and businesses within the state is not subject to state-level income tax.', 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the U.S., Mississippi relies on alternative revenue sources such as sales taxes, property taxes, and fees to fund its state government operations.', 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Instead, the state relies on other sources such as sales taxes, property taxes, and various fees to fund its operations.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 35, 'docs_len': 1082, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the United States, Mississippi relies on other forms of taxation, such as sales taxes and property taxes, to fund its state government.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Mississippi does not have a state income tax. Residents are exempt from paying taxes on their income to the state level, although localities such as cities or counties may impose their own taxes.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the United States, Mississippi relies solely on sales taxes, property taxes, and various fees for revenue collection. This means that income earned by residents and businesses within the state is not subject to state-level income tax.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the U.S., Mississippi relies on alternative revenue sources such as sales taxes, property taxes, and fees to fund its state government operations.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Instead, the state relies on other sources such as sales taxes, property taxes, and various fees to fund its operations.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 938400):
Original:     when did family feud come out?
Reformulated: when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did famil...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Family Feud first aired on June 16, 1976, on CBS. The original version was created by television producer Mark Goodson and was hosted by Richard Dawson. The show was revived multiple times over the years, with the most recent incarnation debuting in 2014 on ABC.', 'Family Feud, the popular American game show where contestants answer survey questions to get the most common responses from the general public, first aired on January 25, 1976, on CBS. The show was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, and has since undergone several revivals and adaptations in various countries.', 'Family Feud, the popular American game show, first aired on June 25, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, the show originally featured Richard Dawson as the host. It was initially broadcast on CBS but has since appeared on various networks including ABC, TBS, and Fox. The current version, which debuted in 2014, is hosted by Steve Harvey and continues to be a ratings success.', 'Family Feud, the popular American trivia game show, was first aired on January 6, 1976. Created by Bill Cullen and produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, the show has undergone several iterations and has been broadcast on various networks, including CBS, Fox, and online platforms.', 'Family Feud first aired on September 12, 1976, on CBS. The show was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman and originally hosted by Gene Rayburn. It has since undergone several revivals and format changes, most notably in 2006 when it returned to American television with a new format hosted by Steve Harvey.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 1563, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Family Feud first aired on June 16, 1976, on CBS. The original version was created by television producer Mark Goodson and was hosted by Richard Dawson. The show was revived multiple times over the years, with the most recent incarnation debuting in 2014 on ABC.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Family Feud, the popular American game show where contestants answer survey questions to get the most common responses from the general public, first aired on January 25, 1976, on CBS. The show was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, and has since undergone several revivals and adaptations in various countries.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Family Feud, the popular American game show, first aired on June 25, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, the show originally featured Richard Dawson as the host. It was initially broadcast on CBS but has since appeared on various networks including ABC, TBS, and Fox. The current version, which debuted in 2014, is hosted by Steve Harvey and continues to be a ratings success.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Family Feud, the popular American trivia game show, was first aired on January 6, 1976. Created by Bill Cullen and produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, the show has undergone several iterations and has been broadcast on various networks, including CBS, Fox, and online platforms.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Family Feud first aired on September 12, 1976, on CBS. The show was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman and originally hosted by Gene Rayburn. It has since undergone several revivals and format changes, most notably in 2006 when it returned to American television with a new format hosted by Steve Harvey.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1108651):
Original:     what the best way to get clothes white
Reformulated: what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your whites from other clothing to avoid color bleeding. Use a high-quality laundry detergent specifically designed for whites. Pre-treat any stains with a stain remover or a little bit of detergent directly applied. Run the whites through a hot water cycle (ensure your fabric can handle it) as heat helps brighten colors. Additionally, adding half a cup of white vinegar to the rinse cycle can help brighten and soften fabrics without leaving residues. Consider using baking soda in the wash cycle; it can boost cleaning power and remove odors. Regularly clean your washing machine to prevent buildup that', 'To get clothes white, start by sorting your laundry and checking for any stains. Use a high-quality laundry detergent and pre-treat any stubborn spots with a stain remover. Set your washing machine to a hot water cycle (unless the fabric requires cold water). Adding bleach or a color-safe brightener can enhance whiteness, but avoid using it on colors or delicate fabrics. Air-drying clothes in direct sunlight can also help maintain their brightness, though this may not always be practical.', 'To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your whites from other fabrics. Use a high-quality detergent specifically designed for whites and consider adding a cup of white vinegar or a bleach alternative to the wash cycle. Ensure your water temperature is set to hot, as hotter water can help remove stains more effectively. Additionally, avoid overloading the washer and check pockets for loose items that could cause discoloration. Proper drying techniques, such as line drying instead of using a dryer, can also help maintain fabric whiteness.', "To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your clothes and pretreating any stains. Use a high-quality detergent specifically designed for whites and ensure it's appropriate for your water hardness. Add a cup of vinegar or a commercial bleach booster to the wash cycle, as these can enhance whiteness without damaging fabrics. For extra-stain removal, consider adding oxygen-based bleach. Always check fabric labels for bleach safety and avoid overloading the washing machine to ensure proper cleaning action.", 'To achieve the best results in getting clothes white, use a high-quality bleach appropriate for your fabric type. For colored clothes, opt for color-safe bleach or hydrogen peroxide, which is gentler. Pre-treat stains by applying the bleach or peroxide directly to the stain and letting it sit for 5-10 minutes before washing. Wash with hot water and a strong detergent. Always check the care label and test a small, inconspicuous area first to ensure safety.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 2724, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your whites from other clothing to avoid color bleeding. Use a high-quality laundry detergent specifically designed for whites. Pre-treat any stains with a stain remover or a little bit of detergent directly applied. Run the whites through a hot water cycle (ensure your fabric can handle it) as heat helps brighten colors. Additionally, adding half a cup of white vinegar to the rinse cycle can help brighten and soften fabrics without leaving residues. Consider using baking soda in the wash cycle; it can boost cleaning power and remove odors. Regularly clean your washing machine to prevent buildup that', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To get clothes white, start by sorting your laundry and checking for any stains. Use a high-quality laundry detergent and pre-treat any stubborn spots with a stain remover. Set your washing machine to a hot water cycle (unless the fabric requires cold water). Adding bleach or a color-safe brightener can enhance whiteness, but avoid using it on colors or delicate fabrics. Air-drying clothes in direct sunlight can also help maintain their brightness, though this may not always be practical.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your whites from other fabrics. Use a high-quality detergent specifically designed for whites and consider adding a cup of white vinegar or a bleach alternative to the wash cycle. Ensure your water temperature is set to hot, as hotter water can help remove stains more effectively. Additionally, avoid overloading the washer and check pockets for loose items that could cause discoloration. Proper drying techniques, such as line drying instead of using a dryer, can also help maintain fabric whiteness.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your clothes and pretreating any stains. Use a high-quality detergent specifically designed for whites and ensure it's appropriate for your water hardness. Add a cup of vinegar or a commercial bleach booster to the wash cycle, as these can enhance whiteness without damaging fabrics. For extra-stain removal, consider adding oxygen-based bleach. Always check fabric labels for bleach safety and avoid overloading the washing machine to ensure proper cleaning action.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To achieve the best results in getting clothes white, use a high-quality bleach appropriate for your fabric type. For colored clothes, opt for color-safe bleach or hydrogen peroxide, which is gentler. Pre-treat stains by applying the bleach or peroxide directly to the stain and letting it sit for 5-10 minutes before washing. Wash with hot water and a strong detergent. Always check the care label and test a small, inconspicuous area first to ensure safety.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1037496):
Original:     who is rep scalise?
Reformulated: who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Rep. Steve Scalise is a Republican politician who served as the House Majority Whip from 2015 to 2017 and as a U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2013. Born in Metairie, Louisiana, in 1971, Scalise has been a prominent figure in conservative politics. He was injured in a shooting during a congressional baseball practice in 2017 but made a full recovery.", "Rep. Steve Scalise is a former American politician who served as the Majority Whip for the Republican Party in the United States House of Representatives. Born in 1963, he represented Louisiana's 4th congressional district from 2011 to 2017. Scalise was involved in various legislative efforts, including healthcare reform and immigration policy. He was also known for his leadership roles within the Republican caucus and his participation in high-profile events such as the annual Capitol Hill Easter Monday baseball game, where he suffered a serious injury in 2017.", "Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) was a prominent Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Louisiana's 4th congressional district. He served from 2013 until his retirement in 2022. Scalise was known for his conservative stance and his role as the House Republican Whip. On July 6, 2017, he was critically injured during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice near the Capitol. Despite the incident, he continued his political career, returning to Congress the following year.", "Reid Anthony Scalise (1972-2019) was an American politician who served as the Majority Whip for the Republican Party in the United States House of Representatives from 2015 to 2017. He represented Louisiana's 1st congressional district. Scalise was involved in several high-profile political events and became known nationally for his role in Republican leadership. Tragically, he was shot during a congressional baseball practice in 2017 but recovered from his injuries.", 'Reince Priebus Scalise (1964-2019) was an American politician who served as the Majority Whip in the United States House of Representatives from 2015 to 2017. He was also the chairman of the Republican National Committee from 2013 to 2017. Born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Scalise began his political career in 2003 when he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. Known for his conservative views, he played a significant role in shaping Republican policy during his tenure. Tragically, Scal'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 21, 'query_len': 19, 'docs_len': 2427, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Rep. Steve Scalise is a Republican politician who served as the House Majority Whip from 2015 to 2017 and as a U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2013. Born in Metairie, Louisiana, in 1971, Scalise has been a prominent figure in conservative politics. He was injured in a shooting during a congressional baseball practice in 2017 but made a full recovery.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Rep. Steve Scalise is a former American politician who served as the Majority Whip for the Republican Party in the United States House of Representatives. Born in 1963, he represented Louisiana's 4th congressional district from 2011 to 2017. Scalise was involved in various legislative efforts, including healthcare reform and immigration policy. He was also known for his leadership roles within the Republican caucus and his participation in high-profile events such as the annual Capitol Hill Easter Monday baseball game, where he suffered a serious injury in 2017.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) was a prominent Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Louisiana's 4th congressional district. He served from 2013 until his retirement in 2022. Scalise was known for his conservative stance and his role as the House Republican Whip. On July 6, 2017, he was critically injured during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice near the Capitol. Despite the incident, he continued his political career, returning to Congress the following year.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Reid Anthony Scalise (1972-2019) was an American politician who served as the Majority Whip for the Republican Party in the United States House of Representatives from 2015 to 2017. He represented Louisiana's 1st congressional district. Scalise was involved in several high-profile political events and became known nationally for his role in Republican leadership. Tragically, he was shot during a congressional baseball practice in 2017 but recovered from his injuries.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Reince Priebus Scalise (1964-2019) was an American politician who served as the Majority Whip in the United States House of Representatives from 2015 to 2017. He was also the chairman of the Republican National Committee from 2013 to 2017. Born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Scalise began his political career in 2003 when he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. Known for his conservative views, he played a significant role in shaping Republican policy during his tenure. Tragically, Scal'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 1064670):
Original:     why do hunters pattern their shotguns?
Reformulated: why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why d...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure accurate and effective patterning, which refers to how shot pellets spread and impact a target. This process involves firing multiple rounds at a standard distance (usually 40 or 44 yards) using clay targets or paper, then analyzing the pattern's distribution. By doing so, hunters can identify any inconsistencies in the shotgun's performance and make necessary adjustments to choke tubes or shooting techniques. This ensures that when hunting, all shot pellets will cluster effectively within a desired range, increasing the likelihood of a clean and humane kill, especially important for game like birds or small mammals where precise shot placement is crucial", 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of shot pellets at various ranges. This process involves firing a pattern of shot through the gun and marking where each pellet hits a target placed at different distances. By analyzing the resulting pattern, hunters can ensure that their shotgun is effectively delivering a sufficient number of pellets to hit targets within their hunting range, optimizing both accuracy and efficiency in hunts. Patterns help identify any misalignments or issues with choke tubes, allowing hunters to make necessary adjustments for successful hunting outcomes.', "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure that the shotgun shells distribute shot patterns effectively at specific distances. This process involves firing shots into a target area and analyzing the pattern of shot distribution to determine the pattern's tightness and coverage. By patterning their shotguns, hunters can optimize their hunting techniques, ensuring that the shot hits the intended target at various ranges, which is crucial for ethical and successful hunting. This practice helps in adjusting choke tubes or altering shot sizes as needed to achieve the desired pattern density, thereby increasing the chances of a successful hunt.", 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and effectiveness of the shot pattern at various ranges. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target from a specific distance and analyzing the spread of the shot pellets. By patterning, hunters can ensure that their ammunition provides optimal coverage and hits their intended target, improving accuracy and success rates during hunting. This is crucial for both safety and ethical hunting practices.', 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to understand how shot pellets disperse from the barrel at various ranges. This process helps ensure that the shot pattern is effective for hunting at the desired distances, maximizing the chances of a clean kill and minimizing waste. By shooting clays or shot shells into a target area and analyzing the resulting pattern, hunters can adjust choke tubes, modify shot size, and tweak other parameters to achieve optimal performance. Accurate patterning is crucial for hunting birds, waterfowl, and small game where precise shot placement is essential.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3023, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure accurate and effective patterning, which refers to how shot pellets spread and impact a target. This process involves firing multiple rounds at a standard distance (usually 40 or 44 yards) using clay targets or paper, then analyzing the pattern's distribution. By doing so, hunters can identify any inconsistencies in the shotgun's performance and make necessary adjustments to choke tubes or shooting techniques. This ensures that when hunting, all shot pellets will cluster effectively within a desired range, increasing the likelihood of a clean and humane kill, especially important for game like birds or small mammals where precise shot placement is crucial", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of shot pellets at various ranges. This process involves firing a pattern of shot through the gun and marking where each pellet hits a target placed at different distances. By analyzing the resulting pattern, hunters can ensure that their shotgun is effectively delivering a sufficient number of pellets to hit targets within their hunting range, optimizing both accuracy and efficiency in hunts. Patterns help identify any misalignments or issues with choke tubes, allowing hunters to make necessary adjustments for successful hunting outcomes.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure that the shotgun shells distribute shot patterns effectively at specific distances. This process involves firing shots into a target area and analyzing the pattern of shot distribution to determine the pattern's tightness and coverage. By patterning their shotguns, hunters can optimize their hunting techniques, ensuring that the shot hits the intended target at various ranges, which is crucial for ethical and successful hunting. This practice helps in adjusting choke tubes or altering shot sizes as needed to achieve the desired pattern density, thereby increasing the chances of a successful hunt.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and effectiveness of the shot pattern at various ranges. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target from a specific distance and analyzing the spread of the shot pellets. By patterning, hunters can ensure that their ammunition provides optimal coverage and hits their intended target, improving accuracy and success rates during hunting. This is crucial for both safety and ethical hunting practices.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to understand how shot pellets disperse from the barrel at various ranges. This process helps ensure that the shot pattern is effective for hunting at the desired distances, maximizing the chances of a clean kill and minimizing waste. By shooting clays or shot shells into a target area and analyzing the resulting pattern, hunters can adjust choke tubes, modify shot size, and tweak other parameters to achieve optimal performance. Accurate patterning is crucial for hunting birds, waterfowl, and small game where precise shot placement is essential.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

