Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 735922):
Original:     what is crimp oil
Reformulated: what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil what is crimp oil wh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Crimp oil, also known as crimping oil or drawing oil, is a specialized lubricant used in the textile industry during the processing of fibers. It is applied to yarns to reduce friction during the crimping process, which involves giving fibers a permanent set to improve fabric properties such as elasticity and comfort. Crimp oil contains a blend of oils and additives designed to ensure even distribution along the fiber length, minimizing breakage and enhancing the quality of the final product. This treatment is crucial for producing high-quality textiles in sectors like apparel and home furnishings.', "Crimp oil is a specialized lubricant used in the textile industry, particularly during the spinning process. It helps to reduce friction between the fibers and the machinery, ensuring smoother operation and preventing damage to the equipment. Crimp oil also enhances the quality of the yarn by improving its strength and uniformity. Typically made from mineral oils and various additives, it is applied to staple fibers before they undergo crimping, which involves shaping the fibers into a wavy or crimped form to mimic the natural structure of wool. This process improves the yarn's texture and elasticity, making it more suitable for a variety of textile applications.", 'Crimp oil, also known as draw works oil or line shaft oil, is a specialized lubricant used in oil drilling operations. It is applied to the polished rod, which connects the surface power unit to the downhole pumping unit, to reduce friction and wear. This oil helps maintain the smooth operation of the pumping mechanism, ensuring efficient fluid extraction from the well. Crimp oil typically has high viscosity and contains additives for rust prevention and improved lubrication under harsh conditions. Regular application of crimp oil is crucial for extending the life of the equipment and optimizing the overall performance of the drilling operation.', 'Crimp oil, also known as crimping fluid or lubricant, is a specialized oil used in the textile industry during the crimping process. This process involves imparting a crimped or wavy shape to flat fibers, such as polyester or nylon, to mimic natural fiber properties. Crimp oil helps improve the efficiency and quality of the crimping operation by reducing friction between the fibers and the crimping machinery. It also enhances the bonding between the fibers and the backing material, resulting in stronger and more durable fabric products.', 'Crimp oil, also known as crimping oil or crimping compound, is a specialized lubricant used in textile manufacturing. It is applied to yarns and fabrics during the crimping process, which involves creating a permanent wave or crimp in fibers to improve their elasticity and handleability. Crimp oil helps reduce friction between fibers, prevents breakage, and enhances the overall quality of the finished product. It typically consists of mineral oil with added surfactants and other additives to provide optimal performance.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 29, 'query_len': 17, 'docs_len': 3000, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Crimp oil, also known as crimping oil or drawing oil, is a specialized lubricant used in the textile industry during the processing of fibers. It is applied to yarns to reduce friction during the crimping process, which involves giving fibers a permanent set to improve fabric properties such as elasticity and comfort. Crimp oil contains a blend of oils and additives designed to ensure even distribution along the fiber length, minimizing breakage and enhancing the quality of the final product. This treatment is crucial for producing high-quality textiles in sectors like apparel and home furnishings.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Crimp oil is a specialized lubricant used in the textile industry, particularly during the spinning process. It helps to reduce friction between the fibers and the machinery, ensuring smoother operation and preventing damage to the equipment. Crimp oil also enhances the quality of the yarn by improving its strength and uniformity. Typically made from mineral oils and various additives, it is applied to staple fibers before they undergo crimping, which involves shaping the fibers into a wavy or crimped form to mimic the natural structure of wool. This process improves the yarn's texture and elasticity, making it more suitable for a variety of textile applications.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Crimp oil, also known as draw works oil or line shaft oil, is a specialized lubricant used in oil drilling operations. It is applied to the polished rod, which connects the surface power unit to the downhole pumping unit, to reduce friction and wear. This oil helps maintain the smooth operation of the pumping mechanism, ensuring efficient fluid extraction from the well. Crimp oil typically has high viscosity and contains additives for rust prevention and improved lubrication under harsh conditions. Regular application of crimp oil is crucial for extending the life of the equipment and optimizing the overall performance of the drilling operation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Crimp oil, also known as crimping fluid or lubricant, is a specialized oil used in the textile industry during the crimping process. This process involves imparting a crimped or wavy shape to flat fibers, such as polyester or nylon, to mimic natural fiber properties. Crimp oil helps improve the efficiency and quality of the crimping operation by reducing friction between the fibers and the crimping machinery. It also enhances the bonding between the fibers and the backing material, resulting in stronger and more durable fabric products.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Crimp oil, also known as crimping oil or crimping compound, is a specialized lubricant used in textile manufacturing. It is applied to yarns and fabrics during the crimping process, which involves creating a permanent wave or crimp in fibers to improve their elasticity and handleability. Crimp oil helps reduce friction between fibers, prevents breakage, and enhances the overall quality of the finished product. It typically consists of mineral oil with added surfactants and other additives to provide optimal performance.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 23849):
Original:     are naturalization records public information
Reformulated: are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalizati...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Naturalization records are generally considered public information, accessible through federal archives such as the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records include applications, oaths of allegiance, and other documents related to the naturalization process. However, specific details may be restricted if they contain sensitive or personal information that could compromise individual privacy or security. Interested parties can request access to these records through formal requests to NARA or other relevant government agencies, subject to applicable laws and regulations.', 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the public through various means, such as visiting National Archives facilities or using online databases. However, specific details may be redacted to protect sensitive information, such as addresses and personal identifiers. Researchers, historians, and family members often use these records for genealogical and historical research purposes.', 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, available for review under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) or through requests made directly to the National Archives. However, personal identifying information such as addresses and employers may be redacted for privacy reasons. Records typically include details like application forms, oaths of allegiance, and supporting documents submitted by applicants during the naturalization process.', 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, allowing individuals to access detailed historical documents related to the naturalization process. However, personal identifying information such as full birth dates and places may be redacted for privacy reasons. Interested parties can typically obtain these records through government archives or online databases maintained by federal agencies like U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).', 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, meaning they can often be accessed by the public through federal courts or archives. However, the specific details available may vary depending on the time period and the court where the records are held. For records created after 1906, which include photographs, fingerprints, and more detailed personal information, access may be restricted to individuals named in the record or their legal representatives.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 2455, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, accessible through federal archives such as the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records include applications, oaths of allegiance, and other documents related to the naturalization process. However, specific details may be restricted if they contain sensitive or personal information that could compromise individual privacy or security. Interested parties can request access to these records through formal requests to NARA or other relevant government agencies, subject to applicable laws and regulations.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the public through various means, such as visiting National Archives facilities or using online databases. However, specific details may be redacted to protect sensitive information, such as addresses and personal identifiers. Researchers, historians, and family members often use these records for genealogical and historical research purposes.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, available for review under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) or through requests made directly to the National Archives. However, personal identifying information such as addresses and employers may be redacted for privacy reasons. Records typically include details like application forms, oaths of allegiance, and supporting documents submitted by applicants during the naturalization process.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, allowing individuals to access detailed historical documents related to the naturalization process. However, personal identifying information such as full birth dates and places may be redacted for privacy reasons. Interested parties can typically obtain these records through government archives or online databases maintained by federal agencies like U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Naturalization records are generally considered public information, meaning they can often be accessed by the public through federal courts or archives. However, the specific details available may vary depending on the time period and the court where the records are held. For records created after 1906, which include photographs, fingerprints, and more detailed personal information, access may be restricted to individuals named in the record or their legal representatives.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 514096):
Original:     the after hours clinic
Reformulated: the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours clinic the after hours ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The after-hours clinic offers medical services outside regular business hours, typically from late evenings until early mornings and on weekends. These clinics are designed to provide immediate care for non-life-threatening conditions and emergencies when primary care physicians' offices are closed. They often have extended hours, ensuring that patients receive timely medical attention without the need to wait until the next business day.", 'The after-hours clinic is a specialized healthcare facility designed to provide medical services outside regular office hours. These clinics typically operate from late evenings until early morning, ensuring that patients can receive care when their primary healthcare providers are unavailable. After-hours clinics handle a range of non-life-threatening emergencies and urgent health issues, including injuries, infections, and chronic condition management. They often serve as a bridge between primary care and emergency rooms, offering more personalized attention than hospital ERs.', "An after-hours clinic is a medical facility designed to provide care outside regular business hours. These clinics typically operate evenings, weekends, and holidays to address urgent health concerns when primary care physicians' offices are closed. Services range from treating minor injuries and illnesses to offering flu shots and other preventive care. Patients can visit after-hours clinics without an appointment, making them convenient for those in need of immediate medical attention.", 'An after-hours clinic is a medical facility or service available outside regular business hours (typically evenings, weekends, and holidays) to provide immediate care for non-life-threatening conditions. These clinics often offer extended hours, ranging from 5 PM to 8 AM, and are staffed by healthcare professionals such as physicians, nurses, and nurse practitioners. They serve as a convenient alternative to emergency rooms for minor illnesses and injuries, helping to reduce hospital congestion and provide timely medical attention.', 'The after-hours clinic provides medical care outside regular business hours. Available for walk-ins or appointments, these clinics offer services such as minor injuries, colds, flu, and other urgent health issues. Staffed by qualified healthcare professionals, after-hours clinics ensure timely access to essential medical attention when needed most.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 2410, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The after-hours clinic offers medical services outside regular business hours, typically from late evenings until early mornings and on weekends. These clinics are designed to provide immediate care for non-life-threatening conditions and emergencies when primary care physicians' offices are closed. They often have extended hours, ensuring that patients receive timely medical attention without the need to wait until the next business day.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The after-hours clinic is a specialized healthcare facility designed to provide medical services outside regular office hours. These clinics typically operate from late evenings until early morning, ensuring that patients can receive care when their primary healthcare providers are unavailable. After-hours clinics handle a range of non-life-threatening emergencies and urgent health issues, including injuries, infections, and chronic condition management. They often serve as a bridge between primary care and emergency rooms, offering more personalized attention than hospital ERs.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "An after-hours clinic is a medical facility designed to provide care outside regular business hours. These clinics typically operate evenings, weekends, and holidays to address urgent health concerns when primary care physicians' offices are closed. Services range from treating minor injuries and illnesses to offering flu shots and other preventive care. Patients can visit after-hours clinics without an appointment, making them convenient for those in need of immediate medical attention.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'An after-hours clinic is a medical facility or service available outside regular business hours (typically evenings, weekends, and holidays) to provide immediate care for non-life-threatening conditions. These clinics often offer extended hours, ranging from 5 PM to 8 AM, and are staffed by healthcare professionals such as physicians, nurses, and nurse practitioners. They serve as a convenient alternative to emergency rooms for minor illnesses and injuries, helping to reduce hospital congestion and provide timely medical attention.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The after-hours clinic provides medical care outside regular business hours. Available for walk-ins or appointments, these clinics offer services such as minor injuries, colds, flu, and other urgent health issues. Staffed by qualified healthcare professionals, after-hours clinics ensure timely access to essential medical attention when needed most.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 156498):
Original:     do google docs auto save
Reformulated: do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save.', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5-10 minutes. This ensures that your documents are regularly saved without requiring manual intervention. You can also manually trigger a save by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save." Auto-save is designed to protect your data and minimize the risk of losing unsaved changes.', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved work. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save" or using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+S (Cmd+S on Mac).', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a change. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually trigger a save by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save.', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save" or using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+S (Cmd+S on Mac).'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 1702, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5-10 minutes. This ensures that your documents are regularly saved without requiring manual intervention. You can also manually trigger a save by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save." Auto-save is designed to protect your data and minimize the risk of losing unsaved changes.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved work. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save" or using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+S (Cmd+S on Mac).', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a change. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually trigger a save by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your documents are always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save" or using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+S (Cmd+S on Mac).'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 258062):
Original:     how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth
Reformulated: how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it tak...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the tooth's position, the patient's oral health, and the complexity of the extraction. Generally, the procedure takes around 30 to 60 minutes. Simple extractions, where the tooth is easily accessible, may be completed in less than 30 minutes. More complex cases, such as impacted teeth or those requiring surgical procedures, can take up to an hour or more. Recovery time after the surgery typically lasts a few days to a week, with pain and swelling peaking within the first 24 to 72 hours.", "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and the complexity of the extraction. Simple extractions typically take around 15 to 30 minutes, while more complicated cases involving impacted teeth may require up to an hour or longer. Recovery time afterward usually ranges from a few days to a week, with full healing taking several weeks.", 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the position and orientation of the tooth. Typically, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes, though complex cases may take longer. Recovery time afterward generally ranges from a few days to a week or more, with most patients experiencing significant relief after the first few days.', 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the position and depth of the tooth. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes. Recovery time after surgery typically lasts several days to a week, during which pain and swelling may occur. Patients are usually advised to avoid strenuous activities for at least 24 hours post-surgery and to follow specific dietary and hygiene instructions provided by their dentist or oral surgeon.', "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes. Simple extractions can be completed in less than 30 minutes, while more complex cases may take longer. Recovery typically lasts a few days to a week, during which patients should avoid strenuous activities and adhere to post-operative care instructions provided by their dentist or oral surgeon."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 2333, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the tooth's position, the patient's oral health, and the complexity of the extraction. Generally, the procedure takes around 30 to 60 minutes. Simple extractions, where the tooth is easily accessible, may be completed in less than 30 minutes. More complex cases, such as impacted teeth or those requiring surgical procedures, can take up to an hour or more. Recovery time after the surgery typically lasts a few days to a week, with pain and swelling peaking within the first 24 to 72 hours.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and the complexity of the extraction. Simple extractions typically take around 15 to 30 minutes, while more complicated cases involving impacted teeth may require up to an hour or longer. Recovery time afterward usually ranges from a few days to a week, with full healing taking several weeks.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the position and orientation of the tooth. Typically, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes, though complex cases may take longer. Recovery time afterward generally ranges from a few days to a week or more, with most patients experiencing significant relief after the first few days.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the position and depth of the tooth. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes. Recovery time after surgery typically lasts several days to a week, during which pain and swelling may occur. Patients are usually advised to avoid strenuous activities for at least 24 hours post-surgery and to follow specific dietary and hygiene instructions provided by their dentist or oral surgeon.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes. Simple extractions can be completed in less than 30 minutes, while more complex cases may take longer. Recovery typically lasts a few days to a week, during which patients should avoid strenuous activities and adhere to post-operative care instructions provided by their dentist or oral surgeon."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 703782):
Original:     what is a torn disc
Reformulated: what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc what is a torn disc ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc protrudes through a crack in the tougher exterior layer. This can happen due to age-related wear and tear, trauma, or repetitive stress. Symptoms often include back pain, numbness, and weakness in the affected area, which may radiate down the legs or arms depending on the location of the damaged disc. Treatment options range from physical therapy and medication to more invasive procedures like surgery, depending on the severity and persistence of symptoms.', "A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc pushes through a crack in the tougher outer layer. This can irritate nearby nerves, causing pain, numbness, and weakness in the affected area. Common symptoms include back pain that radiates down the legs. Torn discs are often the result of age-related wear and tear, but they can also be caused by sudden movements or injuries. Treatment options range from physical therapy and pain medication to more invasive procedures like surgery, depending on the severity and impact on the patient's quality of life.", "A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc bulges through a tear in the tougher outer layer. This condition can cause pain, numbness, and weakness in the affected area. Torn discs most commonly occur in the lower back (lumbar region) but can also affect the neck (cervical region). Treatment options range from conservative approaches like physical therapy and medication to more invasive procedures such as surgery, depending on the severity of symptoms and the individual patient's circumstances.", 'A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the tough outer layer of a spinal disc ruptures, allowing the soft inner material to bulge out. This can irritate nearby nerves, leading to pain, numbness, or weakness in the affected area. Discs in the spine act as cushions between the vertebrae, but as we age, they can weaken and become more susceptible to tearing. Symptoms typically depend on the location of the herniated disc and may include back pain, leg pain, tingling, and muscle weakness. Treatment options vary from rest and physical therapy to more invasive procedures like surgery', 'A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc protrudes through a tear in the tougher outer layer. This can irritate nearby nerves, leading to pain, numbness, and muscle weakness in the affected area. Commonly occurring in the lower back (lumbar region) and neck (cervical region), torn discs can result from sudden movements, heavy lifting, or prolonged strain on the spine. Treatment options range from conservative measures like rest and physical therapy to more invasive procedures such as surgery, depending on the severity and symptoms.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 26, 'query_len': 19, 'docs_len': 3007, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc protrudes through a crack in the tougher exterior layer. This can happen due to age-related wear and tear, trauma, or repetitive stress. Symptoms often include back pain, numbness, and weakness in the affected area, which may radiate down the legs or arms depending on the location of the damaged disc. Treatment options range from physical therapy and medication to more invasive procedures like surgery, depending on the severity and persistence of symptoms.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc pushes through a crack in the tougher outer layer. This can irritate nearby nerves, causing pain, numbness, and weakness in the affected area. Common symptoms include back pain that radiates down the legs. Torn discs are often the result of age-related wear and tear, but they can also be caused by sudden movements or injuries. Treatment options range from physical therapy and pain medication to more invasive procedures like surgery, depending on the severity and impact on the patient's quality of life.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc bulges through a tear in the tougher outer layer. This condition can cause pain, numbness, and weakness in the affected area. Torn discs most commonly occur in the lower back (lumbar region) but can also affect the neck (cervical region). Treatment options range from conservative approaches like physical therapy and medication to more invasive procedures such as surgery, depending on the severity of symptoms and the individual patient's circumstances.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the tough outer layer of a spinal disc ruptures, allowing the soft inner material to bulge out. This can irritate nearby nerves, leading to pain, numbness, or weakness in the affected area. Discs in the spine act as cushions between the vertebrae, but as we age, they can weaken and become more susceptible to tearing. Symptoms typically depend on the location of the herniated disc and may include back pain, leg pain, tingling, and muscle weakness. Treatment options vary from rest and physical therapy to more invasive procedures like surgery', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A torn disc, also known as a herniated or slipped disc, occurs when the soft inner material of an intervertebral disc protrudes through a tear in the tougher outer layer. This can irritate nearby nerves, leading to pain, numbness, and muscle weakness in the affected area. Commonly occurring in the lower back (lumbar region) and neck (cervical region), torn discs can result from sudden movements, heavy lifting, or prolonged strain on the spine. Treatment options range from conservative measures like rest and physical therapy to more invasive procedures such as surgery, depending on the severity and symptoms.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 1071750):
Original:     why is pete rose banned from hall of fame
Reformulated: why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hal...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games while he was playing. His ban was primarily based on the fact that Major League Baseball (MLB) found him guilty of betting on games, which is a violation of MLB's strict gambling policies. This rule violation disqualified him from Hall of Fame consideration, as eligibility requires integrity and moral character. Rose's career statistics and batting prowess did not diminish his punishment; however, the gambling scandal overshadowed his achievements, preventing his induction into the Hall of Fame.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds. The Commissioner of Baseball at the time, Bart Giamatti, banned him for life in 1989. Rose's eligibility for the Hall of Fame was affected by this ban, as the eligibility rules require players to have their careers concluded before they can be considered. Despite numerous petitions and attempts to overturn the ban, Rose remains ineligible for induction into the Hall of Fame based on the gambling violation.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his career-long involvement with gambling on baseball games. Specifically, he was implicated in a gambling scandal that came to light after his playing career ended. The scandal involved evidence that Rose placed bets on baseball games, including those involving himself. This conduct violated Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict anti-gambling policies. As a result, Rose was banned from baseball in 1989, which included disqualification for Hall of Fame induction based on the MLB's rules prohibiting individuals with such conduct from being eligible.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 due to his career-long gambling habit, which violated Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict anti-gambling policies. Although Rose's baseball skills and record-breaking statistics make him one of the greatest hitters in baseball history, his involvement with gamblers and his refusal to cooperate fully with MLB during investigations led to his permanent ban from the Hall of Fame. This decision has remained controversial among fans and baseball historians, who debate the fairness of denying such a significant player induction into the Hall based on off-field conduct.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his gambling habit and his involvement in betting on baseball games. He played professionally for 24 years, amassing an impressive batting average and numerous records. However, his ban was primarily based on his admission to betting on baseball while still actively playing, which violated MLB's strict anti-gambling policies at the time. This rule violation, rather than any performance-related issue, led to his exclusion from induction into the Hall of Fame, a decision that has been a subject of debate among baseball fans and historians."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 2986, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games while he was playing. His ban was primarily based on the fact that Major League Baseball (MLB) found him guilty of betting on games, which is a violation of MLB's strict gambling policies. This rule violation disqualified him from Hall of Fame consideration, as eligibility requires integrity and moral character. Rose's career statistics and batting prowess did not diminish his punishment; however, the gambling scandal overshadowed his achievements, preventing his induction into the Hall of Fame.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games while playing for the Cincinnati Reds. The Commissioner of Baseball at the time, Bart Giamatti, banned him for life in 1989. Rose's eligibility for the Hall of Fame was affected by this ban, as the eligibility rules require players to have their careers concluded before they can be considered. Despite numerous petitions and attempts to overturn the ban, Rose remains ineligible for induction into the Hall of Fame based on the gambling violation.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his career-long involvement with gambling on baseball games. Specifically, he was implicated in a gambling scandal that came to light after his playing career ended. The scandal involved evidence that Rose placed bets on baseball games, including those involving himself. This conduct violated Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict anti-gambling policies. As a result, Rose was banned from baseball in 1989, which included disqualification for Hall of Fame induction based on the MLB's rules prohibiting individuals with such conduct from being eligible.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 due to his career-long gambling habit, which violated Major League Baseball's (MLB) strict anti-gambling policies. Although Rose's baseball skills and record-breaking statistics make him one of the greatest hitters in baseball history, his involvement with gamblers and his refusal to cooperate fully with MLB during investigations led to his permanent ban from the Hall of Fame. This decision has remained controversial among fans and baseball historians, who debate the fairness of denying such a significant player induction into the Hall based on off-field conduct.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his gambling habit and his involvement in betting on baseball games. He played professionally for 24 years, amassing an impressive batting average and numerous records. However, his ban was primarily based on his admission to betting on baseball while still actively playing, which violated MLB's strict anti-gambling policies at the time. This rule violation, rather than any performance-related issue, led to his exclusion from induction into the Hall of Fame, a decision that has been a subject of debate among baseball fans and historians."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 436707):
Original:     largest known insects
Reformulated: largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects largest known insects la...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The largest known insects belong to the order Mantodea (mantises) and the family Megadecatidae. The giant stick insect (Phobaeticus chani) holds the record for the longest insect, measuring up to 36 centimeters in length. Another notable example is the giant weta (Deinacrida heteracantha), found in New Zealand, which can weigh up to 70 grams—making it one of the heaviest insects in the world. These insects showcase the remarkable diversity in size among arthropods.', 'The largest known insects belong to the order Mantodea (mantises) and the family Rhinoceridae. The giant mantis (Hymenopus cochinensis) is one of the largest mantises, with females reaching lengths of up to 15 cm (6 inches). Similarly, the giant cricket (Gryllus fornasinii) from Madagascar can grow to impressive sizes, with some specimens measuring over 10 cm (4 inches) in length. However, the title for the largest insect species typically goes to members of the rhinoceros beetle genus, such as the Atlas beetle (', 'The largest known insects are the giant water bugs (Lethocerus species), specifically the Mekong giant water bug (Lethocerus indicus). These insects can grow up to 7.5 inches (19 cm) in length, making them the largest known in terms of body length. They are part of the family Belostomatidae and are found in Southeast Asia, particularly in the Mekong River region. While they are among the largest, their size is not matched by their weight, as they typically weigh less than smaller insects due to their thin exoskeletons.', 'The largest known insects are the giant isthmus stick insect (Phobaeticus chani) and the giant weta (Deinacrida heteracantha). The giant isthmus stick insect can grow up to 1.5 meters in length when its legs are fully extended, though most specimens are shorter. The giant weta, native to New Zealand, can reach lengths of about 70 millimeters, making it the heaviest extant weta species. Both insects are part of the orders Phasmatodea and Orthoptera, respectively.', 'The largest known insects are the giant weta (Deinacrida heteracantha) from New Zealand. These flightless creatures can grow up to 2.5 inches (64 millimeters) in length and weigh over 70 grams, making them significantly larger than most other insects. Another notable example is the giant atlas moth (Attacus atlas), which has the largest wing span among moths, reaching up to 30 centimeters (about 12 inches). Despite their size, these insects are harmless and play crucial roles in their ecosystems as indicators of biodiversity and natural habitat health.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 20, 'query_len': 21, 'docs_len': 2539, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The largest known insects belong to the order Mantodea (mantises) and the family Megadecatidae. The giant stick insect (Phobaeticus chani) holds the record for the longest insect, measuring up to 36 centimeters in length. Another notable example is the giant weta (Deinacrida heteracantha), found in New Zealand, which can weigh up to 70 grams—making it one of the heaviest insects in the world. These insects showcase the remarkable diversity in size among arthropods.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The largest known insects belong to the order Mantodea (mantises) and the family Rhinoceridae. The giant mantis (Hymenopus cochinensis) is one of the largest mantises, with females reaching lengths of up to 15 cm (6 inches). Similarly, the giant cricket (Gryllus fornasinii) from Madagascar can grow to impressive sizes, with some specimens measuring over 10 cm (4 inches) in length. However, the title for the largest insect species typically goes to members of the rhinoceros beetle genus, such as the Atlas beetle (', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The largest known insects are the giant water bugs (Lethocerus species), specifically the Mekong giant water bug (Lethocerus indicus). These insects can grow up to 7.5 inches (19 cm) in length, making them the largest known in terms of body length. They are part of the family Belostomatidae and are found in Southeast Asia, particularly in the Mekong River region. While they are among the largest, their size is not matched by their weight, as they typically weigh less than smaller insects due to their thin exoskeletons.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The largest known insects are the giant isthmus stick insect (Phobaeticus chani) and the giant weta (Deinacrida heteracantha). The giant isthmus stick insect can grow up to 1.5 meters in length when its legs are fully extended, though most specimens are shorter. The giant weta, native to New Zealand, can reach lengths of about 70 millimeters, making it the heaviest extant weta species. Both insects are part of the orders Phasmatodea and Orthoptera, respectively.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The largest known insects are the giant weta (Deinacrida heteracantha) from New Zealand. These flightless creatures can grow up to 2.5 inches (64 millimeters) in length and weigh over 70 grams, making them significantly larger than most other insects. Another notable example is the giant atlas moth (Attacus atlas), which has the largest wing span among moths, reaching up to 30 centimeters (about 12 inches). Despite their size, these insects are harmless and play crucial roles in their ecosystems as indicators of biodiversity and natural habitat health.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1117817):
Original:     what does unauthorized act in writing mean
Reformulated: what does unauthorized act in writing mean what does unauthorized act in writing mean what does unauthorized act in writing mean what does unauthorized act in writing mean what does unauthorized act i...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['An unauthorized act in writing refers to any action or deed performed without proper authorization or permission from the appropriate party. This can include documents, agreements, or communications that are signed or created without the necessary consent. Such acts may render any associated legal agreements or contracts void and can result in legal repercussions for the individual or entity responsible for the unauthorized action.', 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any document or written communication that has been created, signed, or executed without proper authorization or permission from the appropriate authority or party. This can include contracts, agreements, or other official documents where the signatory lacks the necessary authority to bind the entity they represent. Unauthorized acts in writing are often problematic as they can lead to legal disputes, financial losses, and other negative consequences for the parties involved. Legal frameworks typically provide mechanisms to invalidate such documents to protect the interests of all stakeholders.', 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any action performed without proper authorization or permission, which is documented in written form. This can include signing contracts, authorizing financial transactions, or executing legal documents without the necessary authority. Such acts are often considered legally binding for the person who did not authorize them, potentially leading to legal consequences such as penalties or lawsuits.', "An unauthorized act in writing refers to any document or communication that has been signed or executed without proper authorization. This can include contracts, agreements, or any official documents that require a specific person's signature or approval. Unauthorized acts in writing may render such documents void or subject to legal challenges, as they lack the necessary validation or consent from the appropriate party.", 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any action or document executed without proper authorization or permission from the rightful parties. This can include signing legal documents, contracts, or agreements without legitimate authority, leading to potential legal ramifications and financial liabilities. Unauthorized acts in writing may invalidate such documents under law and can result in civil or criminal penalties for the person who performed them.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 2401, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any action or deed performed without proper authorization or permission from the appropriate party. This can include documents, agreements, or communications that are signed or created without the necessary consent. Such acts may render any associated legal agreements or contracts void and can result in legal repercussions for the individual or entity responsible for the unauthorized action.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any document or written communication that has been created, signed, or executed without proper authorization or permission from the appropriate authority or party. This can include contracts, agreements, or other official documents where the signatory lacks the necessary authority to bind the entity they represent. Unauthorized acts in writing are often problematic as they can lead to legal disputes, financial losses, and other negative consequences for the parties involved. Legal frameworks typically provide mechanisms to invalidate such documents to protect the interests of all stakeholders.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any action performed without proper authorization or permission, which is documented in written form. This can include signing contracts, authorizing financial transactions, or executing legal documents without the necessary authority. Such acts are often considered legally binding for the person who did not authorize them, potentially leading to legal consequences such as penalties or lawsuits.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "An unauthorized act in writing refers to any document or communication that has been signed or executed without proper authorization. This can include contracts, agreements, or any official documents that require a specific person's signature or approval. Unauthorized acts in writing may render such documents void or subject to legal challenges, as they lack the necessary validation or consent from the appropriate party.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'An unauthorized act in writing refers to any action or document executed without proper authorization or permission from the rightful parties. This can include signing legal documents, contracts, or agreements without legitimate authority, leading to potential legal ramifications and financial liabilities. Unauthorized acts in writing may invalidate such documents under law and can result in civil or criminal penalties for the person who performed them.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 1135268):
Original:     antibiotics for what kind of infection
Reformulated: antibiotics for what kind of infection antibiotics for what kind of infection antibiotics for what kind of infection antibiotics for what kind of infection antibiotics for what kind of infection antib...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are not effective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. It's important to use antibiotics only when prescribed by a healthcare provider, as their misuse can lead to antibiotic resistance.", "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are not effective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. It's important to consult a healthcare provider to determine the cause of an infection before starting antibiotic treatment, as misuse can lead to antibiotic resistance.", "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are ineffective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. When prescribed, it's important to complete the full course of antibiotics to ensure the infection is fully treated and to prevent the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria.", "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are ineffective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. It's important to consult a healthcare provider to determine the cause of your infection before starting antibiotic treatment.", 'Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as pneumonia, strep throat, and urinary tract infections. They are not effective against viral infections like the common cold or influenza. Proper diagnosis by a healthcare provider is crucial to determine whether an infection is bacterial or viral before prescribing antibiotics.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 1712, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are not effective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. It's important to use antibiotics only when prescribed by a healthcare provider, as their misuse can lead to antibiotic resistance.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are not effective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. It's important to consult a healthcare provider to determine the cause of an infection before starting antibiotic treatment, as misuse can lead to antibiotic resistance.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are ineffective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. When prescribed, it's important to complete the full course of antibiotics to ensure the infection is fully treated and to prevent the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as strep throat, pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. They are ineffective against viral infections like the common cold or flu. It's important to consult a healthcare provider to determine the cause of your infection before starting antibiotic treatment.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Antibiotics are used to treat bacterial infections, such as pneumonia, strep throat, and urinary tract infections. They are not effective against viral infections like the common cold or influenza. Proper diagnosis by a healthcare provider is crucial to determine whether an infection is bacterial or viral before prescribing antibiotics.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

