Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 23849):
Original:     are naturalization records public information
Reformulated: are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalizati...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information, making them accessible to anyone. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Many naturalization records are also available online through genealogy websites and government databases, allowing researchers and individuals to search for and obtain copies of these documents. However, it's worth noting that some information may be restricted or redacted to protect the privacy of the individual or their family members, particularly in more recent records", 'In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and are available to the public, although access to certain records may be restricted due to privacy concerns. The majority of naturalization records, including declarations of intention, petitions for naturalization, and certificates of naturalization, are typically retained by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or by local courts. These records can be accessed through online databases, such as the USCIS Genealogy Program or the National Archives website, or in person at NARA facilities or local courthouses. However, records for individuals who naturalized within the past 60-100 years', 'In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information, which means they can be accessed by the public. These records, which document the process by which an individual becomes a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Once a naturalization certificate is issued, the associated records become public domain and can be obtained through the USCIS Genealogy Program or the NARA website, although some personal information may be redacted to protect individual privacy. Researchers, genealogists, and the general public can use these', "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the public. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Most naturalization records are available to the public after a certain period, usually 60 years from the date of naturalization, although some records may be restricted due to privacy laws. As public records, they can be obtained through Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests or by searching online databases and archives", "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the general public. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some personal information may be redacted to protect individual privacy, most naturalization records are available to the public through online databases, such as the USCIS Genealogy Program, or in person at NARA facilities. Researchers, genealogists, and individuals seeking information about their ancestors' citizenship status often"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 3486, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information, making them accessible to anyone. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Many naturalization records are also available online through genealogy websites and government databases, allowing researchers and individuals to search for and obtain copies of these documents. However, it's worth noting that some information may be restricted or redacted to protect the privacy of the individual or their family members, particularly in more recent records", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and are available to the public, although access to certain records may be restricted due to privacy concerns. The majority of naturalization records, including declarations of intention, petitions for naturalization, and certificates of naturalization, are typically retained by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or by local courts. These records can be accessed through online databases, such as the USCIS Genealogy Program or the National Archives website, or in person at NARA facilities or local courthouses. However, records for individuals who naturalized within the past 60-100 years', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information, which means they can be accessed by the public. These records, which document the process by which an individual becomes a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Once a naturalization certificate is issued, the associated records become public domain and can be obtained through the USCIS Genealogy Program or the NARA website, although some personal information may be redacted to protect individual privacy. Researchers, genealogists, and the general public can use these', 'pseudo_doc_4': "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the public. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Most naturalization records are available to the public after a certain period, usually 60 years from the date of naturalization, although some records may be restricted due to privacy laws. As public records, they can be obtained through Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests or by searching online databases and archives", 'pseudo_doc_5': "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the general public. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some personal information may be redacted to protect individual privacy, most naturalization records are available to the public through online databases, such as the USCIS Genealogy Program, or in person at NARA facilities. Researchers, genealogists, and individuals seeking information about their ancestors' citizenship status often"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 156498):
Original:     do google docs auto save
Reformulated: do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that stores changes in real-time, eliminating the need for manual saving. As you type, your work is constantly being saved to Google's servers, allowing you to access your documents from any device with an internet connection. This auto-save feature ensures that your work is protected against accidental closures, power outages, or other disruptions, providing a secure and reliable way to create and edit documents online.", 'Google Docs is equipped with an automatic saving feature that stores your work at regular intervals. As you type, your document is saved in real-time, eliminating the need for manual saving. This autosave feature ensures that your progress is continuously backed up to your Google Drive account, even if you close your browser or experience an unexpected interruption. You can verify the last saved time by checking the top of the screen, where a "Last edited" timestamp is displayed, providing peace of mind and allowing you to focus on your work without worrying about losing your progress.', 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism, ensuring that your work is continuously saved as you type. This means that every few seconds, Google Docs autosaves your document to prevent loss of data in case of an interruption, such as a power outage or internet disconnection. Since Google Docs operates online, it can automatically save your document to your Google Drive account, providing real-time backups and allowing you to access your work from any device with an internet connection. As a result, you do not need to manually save your documents, making it a convenient and worry-free experience for users.', 'Google Docs is equipped with an automatic saving feature that ensures your work is constantly being saved as you type. This means that every few seconds, Google Docs saves your document to your Google Drive account, eliminating the need for manual saving. In the event of an unexpected closure or internet disruption, you can rest assured that your work will be preserved, allowing you to pick up right where you left off when you reopen the document. To confirm that your document is being auto-saved, look for the "All changes saved" notification at the top of the page or check the "Last edited" timestamp to see when your document was last updated.', 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism, which ensures that your work is saved at regular intervals. As you type, Google Docs saves your document every few seconds, eliminating the need for manual saving. This autosave feature is enabled by default and works seamlessly in the background, providing users with peace of mind and minimizing the risk of losing work due to unexpected interruptions or browser crashes. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, allowing users to easily revert to previous versions of their document if needed.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 20, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 2898, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that stores changes in real-time, eliminating the need for manual saving. As you type, your work is constantly being saved to Google's servers, allowing you to access your documents from any device with an internet connection. This auto-save feature ensures that your work is protected against accidental closures, power outages, or other disruptions, providing a secure and reliable way to create and edit documents online.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Google Docs is equipped with an automatic saving feature that stores your work at regular intervals. As you type, your document is saved in real-time, eliminating the need for manual saving. This autosave feature ensures that your progress is continuously backed up to your Google Drive account, even if you close your browser or experience an unexpected interruption. You can verify the last saved time by checking the top of the screen, where a "Last edited" timestamp is displayed, providing peace of mind and allowing you to focus on your work without worrying about losing your progress.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism, ensuring that your work is continuously saved as you type. This means that every few seconds, Google Docs autosaves your document to prevent loss of data in case of an interruption, such as a power outage or internet disconnection. Since Google Docs operates online, it can automatically save your document to your Google Drive account, providing real-time backups and allowing you to access your work from any device with an internet connection. As a result, you do not need to manually save your documents, making it a convenient and worry-free experience for users.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Google Docs is equipped with an automatic saving feature that ensures your work is constantly being saved as you type. This means that every few seconds, Google Docs saves your document to your Google Drive account, eliminating the need for manual saving. In the event of an unexpected closure or internet disruption, you can rest assured that your work will be preserved, allowing you to pick up right where you left off when you reopen the document. To confirm that your document is being auto-saved, look for the "All changes saved" notification at the top of the page or check the "Last edited" timestamp to see when your document was last updated.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism, which ensures that your work is saved at regular intervals. As you type, Google Docs saves your document every few seconds, eliminating the need for manual saving. This autosave feature is enabled by default and works seamlessly in the background, providing users with peace of mind and minimizing the risk of losing work due to unexpected interruptions or browser crashes. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, allowing users to easily revert to previous versions of their document if needed.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 258062):
Original:     how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth
Reformulated: how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it tak...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's oral health. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex surgical extraction can take up to an hour or more. The recovery time is typically a few days, with most people able to resume normal activities within 3-5 days. However, it's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery. Factors such as the tooth's position, impaction, and the presence of any infections can also influence the duration of the", "The duration it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. Simple wisdom tooth extractions, where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, typically take around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, impacted wisdom teeth that require surgical extraction can take longer, usually between 30-60 minutes per tooth, and may involve a longer recovery period. In some cases, the procedure may be performed under general anesthesia, which can add to the overall time spent at the dentist or oral surgeon's office. Generally, patients can expect to spend around 1-3 hours", "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure typically ranges from 15 to 60 minutes, depending on the complexity of the case and the individual's oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, usually takes about 15-30 minutes per tooth. However, in cases where the tooth is impacted or partially erupted, the procedure can take longer, often requiring 45-60 minutes. Following the extraction, patients can expect some bleeding, swelling, and discomfort, which can last for a few days, but generally, most people can resume normal activities within 2-3 days after the procedure. It", "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure can vary depending on the complexity of the extraction and the individual's overall oral health. On average, a simple wisdom tooth extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex procedure, such as an impacted wisdom tooth removal, can take anywhere from 30-60 minutes or more. Additionally, the recovery time after the procedure typically ranges from a few days to a week, during which patients may experience some swelling, discomfort, and limited mouth opening. It's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions for post-operative care to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery", "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, if the tooth is impacted or requires surgical removal, the procedure can take longer, typically ranging from 30-60 minutes or more, and may involve a longer recovery time. In some cases, the dentist or oral surgeon may need to section the tooth, which can add to the overall duration of the procedure. Generally, patients can expect to spend around 1-2 hours"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 3198, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's oral health. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex surgical extraction can take up to an hour or more. The recovery time is typically a few days, with most people able to resume normal activities within 3-5 days. However, it's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery. Factors such as the tooth's position, impaction, and the presence of any infections can also influence the duration of the", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The duration it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. Simple wisdom tooth extractions, where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, typically take around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, impacted wisdom teeth that require surgical extraction can take longer, usually between 30-60 minutes per tooth, and may involve a longer recovery period. In some cases, the procedure may be performed under general anesthesia, which can add to the overall time spent at the dentist or oral surgeon's office. Generally, patients can expect to spend around 1-3 hours", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure typically ranges from 15 to 60 minutes, depending on the complexity of the case and the individual's oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, usually takes about 15-30 minutes per tooth. However, in cases where the tooth is impacted or partially erupted, the procedure can take longer, often requiring 45-60 minutes. Following the extraction, patients can expect some bleeding, swelling, and discomfort, which can last for a few days, but generally, most people can resume normal activities within 2-3 days after the procedure. It", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure can vary depending on the complexity of the extraction and the individual's overall oral health. On average, a simple wisdom tooth extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex procedure, such as an impacted wisdom tooth removal, can take anywhere from 30-60 minutes or more. Additionally, the recovery time after the procedure typically ranges from a few days to a week, during which patients may experience some swelling, discomfort, and limited mouth opening. It's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions for post-operative care to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, if the tooth is impacted or requires surgical removal, the procedure can take longer, typically ranging from 30-60 minutes or more, and may involve a longer recovery time. In some cases, the dentist or oral surgeon may need to section the tooth, which can add to the overall duration of the procedure. Generally, patients can expect to spend around 1-2 hours"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1071750):
Original:     why is pete rose banned from hall of fame
Reformulated: why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hal...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Pete Rose, one of baseball's most iconic figures, remains banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by Major League Baseball found that Rose had wagered on games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of baseball's strict anti-gambling rules resulted in Rose's lifetime ban from the game in 1989, rendering him ineligible for Hall of Fame induction. Despite his record-breaking career, including 4,256 hits, Rose's ban has been upheld by successive baseball", "Pete Rose, one of baseball's most iconic players, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by Major League Baseball revealed that Rose had wagered on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while serving as a player and manager. This violation of the sport's strict anti-gambling rules resulted in Rose's indefinite suspension from the game by then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti in 1989. Consequently, his name is ineligible for consideration by the Hall of Fame's voters, effectively", "Pete Rose, the former professional baseball player and all-time leader in hits, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games. In 1985, an investigation led by MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found Rose guilty of betting on baseball, including games in which his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, were playing. As a result, Rose was permanently banned from baseball, making him ineligible for the Hall of Fame. Despite his impressive on-field accomplishments, including 4,256 career hits, Rose's lifetime ban has barred him from being considered for induction into the Hall of", "Pete Rose, the all-time leader in hits in Major League Baseball history, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games. In 1985, an investigation led by then-Baseball Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds. As a result, Rose was permanently ineligible for induction into the Hall of Fame, a decision that was upheld by subsequent commissioners. Despite his on-field achievements, Rose's gambling activities were deemed a violation of baseball's rulebook, leading to his exclusion from the", "Pete Rose, one of baseball's most iconic players, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in a betting scandal. In 1985, an investigation by Major League Baseball found that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while serving as a player and manager. This violation of the sport's rules, which prohibit players from betting on games, led to his lifetime ban from the game by then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti. As a result of the ban, Rose is ineligible for consideration for the Hall of Fame, despite his impressive"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3114, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Pete Rose, one of baseball's most iconic figures, remains banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by Major League Baseball found that Rose had wagered on games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of baseball's strict anti-gambling rules resulted in Rose's lifetime ban from the game in 1989, rendering him ineligible for Hall of Fame induction. Despite his record-breaking career, including 4,256 hits, Rose's ban has been upheld by successive baseball", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Pete Rose, one of baseball's most iconic players, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by Major League Baseball revealed that Rose had wagered on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while serving as a player and manager. This violation of the sport's strict anti-gambling rules resulted in Rose's indefinite suspension from the game by then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti in 1989. Consequently, his name is ineligible for consideration by the Hall of Fame's voters, effectively", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Pete Rose, the former professional baseball player and all-time leader in hits, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games. In 1985, an investigation led by MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found Rose guilty of betting on baseball, including games in which his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, were playing. As a result, Rose was permanently banned from baseball, making him ineligible for the Hall of Fame. Despite his impressive on-field accomplishments, including 4,256 career hits, Rose's lifetime ban has barred him from being considered for induction into the Hall of", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Pete Rose, the all-time leader in hits in Major League Baseball history, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games. In 1985, an investigation led by then-Baseball Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds. As a result, Rose was permanently ineligible for induction into the Hall of Fame, a decision that was upheld by subsequent commissioners. Despite his on-field achievements, Rose's gambling activities were deemed a violation of baseball's rulebook, leading to his exclusion from the", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Pete Rose, one of baseball's most iconic players, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in a betting scandal. In 1985, an investigation by Major League Baseball found that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while serving as a player and manager. This violation of the sport's rules, which prohibit players from betting on games, led to his lifetime ban from the game by then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti. As a result of the ban, Rose is ineligible for consideration for the Hall of Fame, despite his impressive"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 67316):
Original:     can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy
Reformulated: can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarri...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Having a fever during early pregnancy can pose risks, but the likelihood of it causing a miscarriage depends on several factors. Mild fevers, typically below 100.4°F (38°C), are generally not considered a significant threat to the pregnancy. However, high fevers, especially those above 102°F (39°C), can increase the risk of miscarriage due to the potential for dehydration and the body's inflammatory response. It's essential for pregnant women experiencing fever to stay hydrated, rest, and consult their healthcare provider for proper evaluation and guidance to minimize potential risks and ensure the best possible outcome for the pregnancy.", "Fever during early pregnancy can pose a risk to the developing fetus, and in some cases, may increase the likelihood of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can cause stress to the embryo, potentially leading to miscarriage. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in pregnancy loss. Women experiencing a fever during early pregnancy should seek medical attention to manage the underlying infection and reduce the risk of complications. Additionally, maintaining a healthy immune system, practicing good hygiene, and getting vaccinated against flu and other illnesses can help minimize the risk of fever and subsequent miscar", 'A fever during early pregnancy can pose a risk to the developing fetus, potentially leading to miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly during the first trimester. This is because fever may indicate an underlying infection, which can cause inflammation and disrupt the normal development of the embryo. However, it is essential to note that not all fevers will lead to miscarriage, and the majority of women who experience a fever during early pregnancy go on to have a healthy pregnancy. If a woman experiences a fever during early pregnancy, it is crucial to seek', "A fever during early pregnancy can be a cause for concern, as it may potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can cause stress to the developing embryo, potentially leading to miscarriage. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in miscarriage, and many women experience fevers during pregnancy without any adverse effects. If you're experiencing a fever during early pregnancy, it's crucial to consult your healthcare provider, who can assess your individual situation and provide guidance on managing the fever and monitoring the health of your pregnancy. In general,", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but its impact on the pregnancy is more nuanced than often perceived. A mild fever, typically below 102°F (39°C), is generally not considered a significant risk factor for miscarriage. However, high fevers, usually above 103°F (39.4°C), can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if they occur during the first trimester. It's essential for pregnant women to manage their fever through appropriate rest, hydration, and, if necessary, medication under the guidance of a healthcare provider. Regular prenatal care and monitoring can also help in early detection and management"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3311, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can pose risks, but the likelihood of it causing a miscarriage depends on several factors. Mild fevers, typically below 100.4°F (38°C), are generally not considered a significant threat to the pregnancy. However, high fevers, especially those above 102°F (39°C), can increase the risk of miscarriage due to the potential for dehydration and the body's inflammatory response. It's essential for pregnant women experiencing fever to stay hydrated, rest, and consult their healthcare provider for proper evaluation and guidance to minimize potential risks and ensure the best possible outcome for the pregnancy.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Fever during early pregnancy can pose a risk to the developing fetus, and in some cases, may increase the likelihood of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can cause stress to the embryo, potentially leading to miscarriage. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in pregnancy loss. Women experiencing a fever during early pregnancy should seek medical attention to manage the underlying infection and reduce the risk of complications. Additionally, maintaining a healthy immune system, practicing good hygiene, and getting vaccinated against flu and other illnesses can help minimize the risk of fever and subsequent miscar", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A fever during early pregnancy can pose a risk to the developing fetus, potentially leading to miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly during the first trimester. This is because fever may indicate an underlying infection, which can cause inflammation and disrupt the normal development of the embryo. However, it is essential to note that not all fevers will lead to miscarriage, and the majority of women who experience a fever during early pregnancy go on to have a healthy pregnancy. If a woman experiences a fever during early pregnancy, it is crucial to seek', 'pseudo_doc_4': "A fever during early pregnancy can be a cause for concern, as it may potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can cause stress to the developing embryo, potentially leading to miscarriage. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in miscarriage, and many women experience fevers during pregnancy without any adverse effects. If you're experiencing a fever during early pregnancy, it's crucial to consult your healthcare provider, who can assess your individual situation and provide guidance on managing the fever and monitoring the health of your pregnancy. In general,", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but its impact on the pregnancy is more nuanced than often perceived. A mild fever, typically below 102°F (39°C), is generally not considered a significant risk factor for miscarriage. However, high fevers, usually above 103°F (39.4°C), can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if they occur during the first trimester. It's essential for pregnant women to manage their fever through appropriate rest, hydration, and, if necessary, medication under the guidance of a healthcare provider. Regular prenatal care and monitoring can also help in early detection and management"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 169208):
Original:     does mississippi have an income tax
Reformulated: does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi hav...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Mississippi does have a state income tax, which ranges from 3% to 5% of an individual's taxable income. The state imposes a progressive tax system, with three tax brackets applying to different income levels. For the tax year 2022, the brackets are 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income exceeding $10,000. However, Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax liability from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their state tax burden. Additionally", "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state income tax rates in Mississippi range from 3% to 5%, depending on the individual's or couple's taxable income. For single filers, the 3% rate applies to the first $5,000 of taxable income, while the 4% rate applies to taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and the 5% rate applies to taxable income above $10,000. For joint filers, the rates are the same, but the income brackets are doubled. Mississippi also", 'Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that consists of three tax brackets. The state imposes a tax rate of 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income exceeding $10,000. However, the state allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their overall tax liability. Additionally, Mississippi also offers various tax credits and deductions, such as the Mississippi Tax Credit for Contributions to Charitable Organizations, to help alleviate', "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state's income tax rates range from 3% to 5%, depending on the taxpayer's filing status and income level. The tax is administered by the Mississippi Department of Revenue, which also offers various deductions and exemptions to help reduce an individual's tax liability. Notably, Mississippi allows a deduction for federal income tax paid, which can help lower the overall state tax burden. While the state does have an income tax, its rates are generally considered to be relatively low compared to other states, making it a potentially attractive option for", "Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that consists of three brackets. The tax rates range from 3% to 5%, depending on the individual's or couple's taxable income. For the 2022 tax year, the 3% rate applies to the first $5,000 of taxable income for single filers and $10,000 for joint filers, while the 4% rate applies to income between $5,001 and $10,000 for single filers and $10,001 to $20,000 for joint filers. Any income above these thresholds is taxed at"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 35, 'docs_len': 2862, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Mississippi does have a state income tax, which ranges from 3% to 5% of an individual's taxable income. The state imposes a progressive tax system, with three tax brackets applying to different income levels. For the tax year 2022, the brackets are 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income exceeding $10,000. However, Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax liability from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their state tax burden. Additionally", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state income tax rates in Mississippi range from 3% to 5%, depending on the individual's or couple's taxable income. For single filers, the 3% rate applies to the first $5,000 of taxable income, while the 4% rate applies to taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and the 5% rate applies to taxable income above $10,000. For joint filers, the rates are the same, but the income brackets are doubled. Mississippi also", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that consists of three tax brackets. The state imposes a tax rate of 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income exceeding $10,000. However, the state allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their overall tax liability. Additionally, Mississippi also offers various tax credits and deductions, such as the Mississippi Tax Credit for Contributions to Charitable Organizations, to help alleviate', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state's income tax rates range from 3% to 5%, depending on the taxpayer's filing status and income level. The tax is administered by the Mississippi Department of Revenue, which also offers various deductions and exemptions to help reduce an individual's tax liability. Notably, Mississippi allows a deduction for federal income tax paid, which can help lower the overall state tax burden. While the state does have an income tax, its rates are generally considered to be relatively low compared to other states, making it a potentially attractive option for", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that consists of three brackets. The tax rates range from 3% to 5%, depending on the individual's or couple's taxable income. For the 2022 tax year, the 3% rate applies to the first $5,000 of taxable income for single filers and $10,000 for joint filers, while the 4% rate applies to income between $5,001 and $10,000 for single filers and $10,001 to $20,000 for joint filers. Any income above these thresholds is taxed at"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 938400):
Original:     when did family feud come out?
Reformulated: when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did famil...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American entertainment, with numerous iterations and hosts over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's concept, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring part of television history.", "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and host changes over the years, including current host Steve Harvey. The show's concept, where two families compete to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring part of entertainment history.", "Family Feud is a popular American television game show that has been entertaining audiences for decades. The show first premiered on July 12, 1976, and was created by Mark Goodson. Originally hosted by Richard Dawson, the show's format involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions. Since its debut, Family Feud has undergone several revamps and has been hosted by various personalities, including Ray Combs, Louie Anderson, and Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010.", "Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a beloved program with various hosts, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's format, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged over the years, making it a staple of American television entertainment.", "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, originally premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was first hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and adaptations over the years. The show's concept, where two families compete to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring program in pop culture."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2554, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American entertainment, with numerous iterations and hosts over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's concept, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring part of television history.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and host changes over the years, including current host Steve Harvey. The show's concept, where two families compete to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring part of entertainment history.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Family Feud is a popular American television game show that has been entertaining audiences for decades. The show first premiered on July 12, 1976, and was created by Mark Goodson. Originally hosted by Richard Dawson, the show's format involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions. Since its debut, Family Feud has undergone several revamps and has been hosted by various personalities, including Ray Combs, Louie Anderson, and Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a beloved program with various hosts, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's format, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged over the years, making it a staple of American television entertainment.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, originally premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was first hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and adaptations over the years. The show's concept, where two families compete to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring program in pop culture."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1108651):
Original:     what the best way to get clothes white
Reformulated: what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Getting clothes white can be achieved through a combination of laundry practices and stain removal techniques. First, sort whites from colored clothes to prevent dye transfer. Then, pre-treat any tough stains with a stain remover or a paste made from baking soda and water. Next, wash clothes in hot water using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners. For tougher stains, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or borax. Finally, hang clothes outside in sunlight, as UV rays can naturally help whiten and brighten fabrics. Regularly washing clothes in cold water and avoiding the use of fabric', "To achieve bright and radiant white clothes, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. First, sort your whites from colored clothes to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any stains with a stain remover or laundry detergent directly applied to the spot. Then, wash your whites in hot water using a laundry detergent that contains optical brighteners, which help reflect light and give clothes a brighter appearance. For particularly tough stains or dingy whites, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or baking soda to your wash cycle. Finally, hang your whites outside in the sun to dry, as sunlight has", "To achieve the brightest whites, it's essential to pre-treat stubborn stains before washing. Soaking clothes in a solution of warm water and laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening can help. Using an oxygen-based bleach like OxiClean can also be effective. Additionally, adding a 1/2 cup of white vinegar to the wash cycle can help remove any remaining dinginess and freshen the fabric. For tougher stains, consider using a laundry booster or optical brighteners, which absorb ultraviolet light and reflect blue light to give clothes a brighter appearance. Always check the care label to ensure you're using the best method for the specific", "To achieve the brightest whites, it's essential to use a combination of the right laundry detergent and proper washing techniques. Start by pre-treating any tough stains with a stain remover or a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar. Next, wash your clothes in hot water using a detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners. Adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda or oxygen bleach like OxiClean can also help to neutralize dinginess and brighten fabrics. For optimal results, hang your clothes outside to dry in the sunlight, as the UV rays can help to naturally whiten and sanitize", "To get clothes white, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. Start by sorting whites from colors to prevent dye transfer, and pre-treat any tough stains with a stain remover or laundry detergent directly applied to the stain. Then, wash the clothes in hot water using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners or sodium percarbonate. For extra whitening power, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or a cup of white vinegar to the wash cycle. Avoid using chlorine bleach unless necessary, as it can weaken or yellow certain fabrics over time."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3298, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Getting clothes white can be achieved through a combination of laundry practices and stain removal techniques. First, sort whites from colored clothes to prevent dye transfer. Then, pre-treat any tough stains with a stain remover or a paste made from baking soda and water. Next, wash clothes in hot water using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners. For tougher stains, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or borax. Finally, hang clothes outside in sunlight, as UV rays can naturally help whiten and brighten fabrics. Regularly washing clothes in cold water and avoiding the use of fabric', 'pseudo_doc_2': "To achieve bright and radiant white clothes, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. First, sort your whites from colored clothes to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any stains with a stain remover or laundry detergent directly applied to the spot. Then, wash your whites in hot water using a laundry detergent that contains optical brighteners, which help reflect light and give clothes a brighter appearance. For particularly tough stains or dingy whites, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or baking soda to your wash cycle. Finally, hang your whites outside in the sun to dry, as sunlight has", 'pseudo_doc_3': "To achieve the brightest whites, it's essential to pre-treat stubborn stains before washing. Soaking clothes in a solution of warm water and laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening can help. Using an oxygen-based bleach like OxiClean can also be effective. Additionally, adding a 1/2 cup of white vinegar to the wash cycle can help remove any remaining dinginess and freshen the fabric. For tougher stains, consider using a laundry booster or optical brighteners, which absorb ultraviolet light and reflect blue light to give clothes a brighter appearance. Always check the care label to ensure you're using the best method for the specific", 'pseudo_doc_4': "To achieve the brightest whites, it's essential to use a combination of the right laundry detergent and proper washing techniques. Start by pre-treating any tough stains with a stain remover or a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar. Next, wash your clothes in hot water using a detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners. Adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda or oxygen bleach like OxiClean can also help to neutralize dinginess and brighten fabrics. For optimal results, hang your clothes outside to dry in the sunlight, as the UV rays can help to naturally whiten and sanitize", 'pseudo_doc_5': "To get clothes white, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. Start by sorting whites from colors to prevent dye transfer, and pre-treat any tough stains with a stain remover or laundry detergent directly applied to the stain. Then, wash the clothes in hot water using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners or sodium percarbonate. For extra whitening power, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or a cup of white vinegar to the wash cycle. Avoid using chlorine bleach unless necessary, as it can weaken or yellow certain fabrics over time."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1037496):
Original:     who is rep scalise?
Reformulated: who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician who currently serves as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and has been a member of Congress since 2008. Prior to his current role, Scalise served as the House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has been a strong advocate for conservative policies and has played a key role in shaping the party's legislative agenda. He gained national attention in 2017 after surviving a gunshot wound during a congressional baseball practice shooting, and has since become a prominent figure", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has been a prominent figure in the U.S. House of Representatives, previously holding the position of House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He has been a strong advocate for conservative policies and has played a key role in shaping the legislative agenda of the Republican Party. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening shooting at a congressional baseball practice, which led to a period of recovery and rehabilitation. Despite this incident,", "Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He has been a representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008. Scalise gained national attention in 2017 when he was shot and seriously injured during a congressional baseball practice, and has since made a remarkable recovery. As a Republican, he has been a strong advocate for conservative policies and has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip and now House Majority Leader, playing a key role in shaping the legislative agenda.", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician who has been serving as the House Majority Leader since 2023 and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. He is a member of the Republican Party and previously served as the House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2023, and as the chair of the Republican Study Committee from 2013 to 2014. Scalise has been a prominent figure in the Republican Party and has played a key role in shaping the party's legislative agenda.", "Representative Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He has represented Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008 and is a member of the Republican Party. Prior to his role as Majority Leader, Scalise served as the Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He is known for his conservative stance on various issues, including healthcare, taxation, and gun rights. In 2017, Scalise survived a gunshot wound during a shooting at a Congressional Baseball Game practice, which led to a prolonged recovery period. Despite this incident, he has continued to"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 27, 'query_len': 19, 'docs_len': 3085, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician who currently serves as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and has been a member of Congress since 2008. Prior to his current role, Scalise served as the House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has been a strong advocate for conservative policies and has played a key role in shaping the party's legislative agenda. He gained national attention in 2017 after surviving a gunshot wound during a congressional baseball practice shooting, and has since become a prominent figure", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has been a prominent figure in the U.S. House of Representatives, previously holding the position of House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He has been a strong advocate for conservative policies and has played a key role in shaping the legislative agenda of the Republican Party. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening shooting at a congressional baseball practice, which led to a period of recovery and rehabilitation. Despite this incident,", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He has been a representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008. Scalise gained national attention in 2017 when he was shot and seriously injured during a congressional baseball practice, and has since made a remarkable recovery. As a Republican, he has been a strong advocate for conservative policies and has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip and now House Majority Leader, playing a key role in shaping the legislative agenda.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician who has been serving as the House Majority Leader since 2023 and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. He is a member of the Republican Party and previously served as the House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2023, and as the chair of the Republican Study Committee from 2013 to 2014. Scalise has been a prominent figure in the Republican Party and has played a key role in shaping the party's legislative agenda.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Representative Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He has represented Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008 and is a member of the Republican Party. Prior to his role as Majority Leader, Scalise served as the Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He is known for his conservative stance on various issues, including healthcare, taxation, and gun rights. In 2017, Scalise survived a gunshot wound during a shooting at a Congressional Baseball Game practice, which led to a prolonged recovery period. Despite this incident, he has continued to"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 1064670):
Original:     why do hunters pattern their shotguns?
Reformulated: why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why d...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's payload, typically a cluster of lead or steel pellets, at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, usually a large piece of paper or cardboard, and then measuring the distribution of the pellets. By doing so, hunters can understand how the shotgun will perform in different shooting scenarios, allowing them to choose the optimal choke and ammunition for their specific hunting needs. This helps ensure a clean and humane kill, as well as improves their overall shooting accuracy and effectiveness in the field.", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of shotgun pellets at various distances, ensuring effective and humane harvests. By shooting at a target, typically a large sheet of paper, hunters can visualize the spread of pellets and adjust their aim accordingly. This process, known as patterning, helps hunters understand their shotgun's performance, allowing them to select the most suitable choke and ammunition for their specific hunting needs, ultimately increasing their chances of a quick and clean kill.", 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the effective range and distribution of the shotgun\'s pellets, which is crucial for achieving accurate and humane harvests. By firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper or cardboard, at varying distances, hunters can visualize the spread of the pellets and identify the shotgun\'s "sweet spot" - the distance at which the pellet pattern is densest and most effective. This information allows hunters to adjust their shooting technique, choose the right ammunition, and make informed decisions about shot placement, ultimately increasing their chances of a quick and clean kill.', "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances, typically between 20 to 40 yards. This process involves firing the shotgun at a large sheet of paper or other material to visualize the pellet pattern. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can adjust their aim and shooting technique to ensure a more effective and humane harvest. A well-patterned shotgun allows hunters to deliver a lethal dose of pellets to the target area, increasing the chances of a clean kill and reducing the risk of wounding game. Additionally, patterning a shotgun helps hunters choose the right type of ammunition and choke for their", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of shotgun pellets at various distances, ensuring effective and humane hunting. By shooting at a large paper target, typically 30 inches in diameter, hunters can visualize the pellet distribution and adjust their shotgun's choke and ammunition accordingly. This process allows hunters to optimize their shotgun's performance for specific game and ranges, increasing the chances of a clean and swift kill, while minimizing the risk of wounding animals."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3001, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's payload, typically a cluster of lead or steel pellets, at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, usually a large piece of paper or cardboard, and then measuring the distribution of the pellets. By doing so, hunters can understand how the shotgun will perform in different shooting scenarios, allowing them to choose the optimal choke and ammunition for their specific hunting needs. This helps ensure a clean and humane kill, as well as improves their overall shooting accuracy and effectiveness in the field.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of shotgun pellets at various distances, ensuring effective and humane harvests. By shooting at a target, typically a large sheet of paper, hunters can visualize the spread of pellets and adjust their aim accordingly. This process, known as patterning, helps hunters understand their shotgun's performance, allowing them to select the most suitable choke and ammunition for their specific hunting needs, ultimately increasing their chances of a quick and clean kill.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the effective range and distribution of the shotgun\'s pellets, which is crucial for achieving accurate and humane harvests. By firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper or cardboard, at varying distances, hunters can visualize the spread of the pellets and identify the shotgun\'s "sweet spot" - the distance at which the pellet pattern is densest and most effective. This information allows hunters to adjust their shooting technique, choose the right ammunition, and make informed decisions about shot placement, ultimately increasing their chances of a quick and clean kill.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances, typically between 20 to 40 yards. This process involves firing the shotgun at a large sheet of paper or other material to visualize the pellet pattern. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can adjust their aim and shooting technique to ensure a more effective and humane harvest. A well-patterned shotgun allows hunters to deliver a lethal dose of pellets to the target area, increasing the chances of a clean kill and reducing the risk of wounding game. Additionally, patterning a shotgun helps hunters choose the right type of ammunition and choke for their", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of shotgun pellets at various distances, ensuring effective and humane hunting. By shooting at a large paper target, typically 30 inches in diameter, hunters can visualize the pellet distribution and adjust their shotgun's choke and ammunition accordingly. This process allows hunters to optimize their shotgun's performance for specific game and ranges, increasing the chances of a clean and swift kill, while minimizing the risk of wounding animals."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

