Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 9188):
Original:     Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchange?
Reformulated: Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchange? Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchange? Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchan...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["When considering a 1031 exchange for selling a mutual fund and buying an equivalent ETF, it's important to understand that a 1031 exchange is generally applicable to real estate or certain types of investment property. Mutual funds and ETFs do not typically qualify under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, which pertains to like-kind exchanges. Therefore, a 1031 exchange is not available for these financial instruments. However, you may explore other tax-deferred options or consult with a tax professional to find the most suitable strategy for your specific situation.", "Certainly! When considering a 1031 exchange for selling mutual funds and purchasing equivalent ETFs, it's important to understand that 1031 exchanges are typically applicable to like-kind properties or certain investment assets, such as stocks, bonds, and other securities. However, mutual funds and ETFs do not fall under the same category due to their unique structures. Mutual funds are actively managed portfolios, while ETFs are passively managed and can be traded intraday on stock exchanges. As such, a direct 1031 exchange from mutual funds to ETFs may not be feasible. It's advisable to consult with a", "Certainly! When considering a 1031 exchange for selling a mutual fund and buying an equivalent ETF, it's important to understand the tax implications. A 1031 exchange, under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, allows investors to defer capital gains taxes when exchanging one investment property (or in this case, financial asset) for another within specified timeframes and under certain conditions. However, not all investments qualify for a 1031 exchange. Mutual funds and ETFs often do not meet the requirements for a 1031 exchange because they are not considered like-kind properties. To", 'Certainly! Here’s the passage:\n\nWhen considering a 1031 exchange for selling mutual funds and purchasing equivalent ETFs, it is important to understand that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) generally requires the replacement property to be of equal or greater value and of like-kind. While both mutual funds and ETFs can be considered "like-kind" assets, there are nuances. Mutual funds and ETFs do not always qualify as direct replacements due to differences in their structures and underlying holdings. Therefore, you should consult with a tax professional to confirm whether your specific mutual fund and ETF meet the requirements for a 1031 exchange.', 'Certainly! Here’s a concise and informative passage:\n\n---\n\nWhen considering a 1031 exchange for selling mutual funds and purchasing equivalent ETFs, it is important to understand the rules. A 1031 exchange typically applies to like-kind exchanges of real estate or certain types of business assets, not financial instruments like mutual funds and ETFs. Mutual funds and ETFs are generally treated as investment securities under tax law, which means they do not qualify for a 1031 exchange. However, consulting with a tax professional can provide guidance tailored to your specific circumstances.\n\n--- \n\nThis passage clearly addresses whether mutual funds and ETF'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 67, 'docs_len': 3112, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "When considering a 1031 exchange for selling a mutual fund and buying an equivalent ETF, it's important to understand that a 1031 exchange is generally applicable to real estate or certain types of investment property. Mutual funds and ETFs do not typically qualify under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, which pertains to like-kind exchanges. Therefore, a 1031 exchange is not available for these financial instruments. However, you may explore other tax-deferred options or consult with a tax professional to find the most suitable strategy for your specific situation.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Certainly! When considering a 1031 exchange for selling mutual funds and purchasing equivalent ETFs, it's important to understand that 1031 exchanges are typically applicable to like-kind properties or certain investment assets, such as stocks, bonds, and other securities. However, mutual funds and ETFs do not fall under the same category due to their unique structures. Mutual funds are actively managed portfolios, while ETFs are passively managed and can be traded intraday on stock exchanges. As such, a direct 1031 exchange from mutual funds to ETFs may not be feasible. It's advisable to consult with a", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Certainly! When considering a 1031 exchange for selling a mutual fund and buying an equivalent ETF, it's important to understand the tax implications. A 1031 exchange, under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, allows investors to defer capital gains taxes when exchanging one investment property (or in this case, financial asset) for another within specified timeframes and under certain conditions. However, not all investments qualify for a 1031 exchange. Mutual funds and ETFs often do not meet the requirements for a 1031 exchange because they are not considered like-kind properties. To", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Certainly! Here’s the passage:\n\nWhen considering a 1031 exchange for selling mutual funds and purchasing equivalent ETFs, it is important to understand that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) generally requires the replacement property to be of equal or greater value and of like-kind. While both mutual funds and ETFs can be considered "like-kind" assets, there are nuances. Mutual funds and ETFs do not always qualify as direct replacements due to differences in their structures and underlying holdings. Therefore, you should consult with a tax professional to confirm whether your specific mutual fund and ETF meet the requirements for a 1031 exchange.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Certainly! Here’s a concise and informative passage:\n\n---\n\nWhen considering a 1031 exchange for selling mutual funds and purchasing equivalent ETFs, it is important to understand the rules. A 1031 exchange typically applies to like-kind exchanges of real estate or certain types of business assets, not financial instruments like mutual funds and ETFs. Mutual funds and ETFs are generally treated as investment securities under tax law, which means they do not qualify for a 1031 exchange. However, consulting with a tax professional can provide guidance tailored to your specific circumstances.\n\n--- \n\nThis passage clearly addresses whether mutual funds and ETF'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 2551):
Original:     How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line?
Reformulated: How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line? How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line? How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home tel...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services. These services use your internet connection to make and receive calls, often at a lower cost than traditional phone lines. Look for providers like Vonage, Google Voice, or Ooma, which offer competitive pricing and additional features such as call forwarding and voicemail. Another option is to use mobile apps like Skype or WhatsApp for free calls and messaging with friends and family who also use these services. Ensure your internet connection is stable and meets the provider's requirements for reliable service.", 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services. These services use your internet connection to make and receive calls, often at a fraction of the cost. Providers like Vonage, Ooma, and Google Voice offer various plans with different features. Another option is to use a mobile phone as your primary line, taking advantage of unlimited or low-cost calling plans offered by mobile carriers. Additionally, consider using apps like WhatsApp or Skype for free voice and video calls, which can be accessed through your smartphone or computer.', 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services such as Vonage, Ooma, or Google Voice. These services use your internet connection to make and receive calls, often at a fraction of the cost of a traditional phone line. Additionally, look into mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) like Boost Mobile or Republic Wireless, which offer affordable plans with minimal contracts. For those needing basic phone features, consider a pay-as-you-go SIM card from providers like Tello or TracFone, which can be inserted into any smartphone. Lastly, check if your internet service provider', 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services such as Skype, Vonage, or Google Voice. These services allow you to make and receive calls using your internet connection, often at a fraction of the cost of traditional phone lines. Additionally, look into mobile plans that include calling and texts for free or at reduced rates. Another option is to use a cellular hotspot device to connect your landline phone to a mobile network, which can significantly lower monthly expenses. Comparing plans from different providers and checking for promotional offers can also help you save money on your phone service.', 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services such as Vonage or Google Voice. These services allow you to make calls using your internet connection, often at a fraction of the cost of traditional phone lines. Additionally, explore mobile plans from providers like T-Mobile or Cricket Wireless, which offer free or low-cost calling and texting services when used with their data plan. Another option is to use a wireless home phone system that plugs into your router and uses your Wi-Fi network for calls, available from companies like Grandstream or Yealink. Lastly, check if your local library or community center'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 70, 'docs_len': 3275, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services. These services use your internet connection to make and receive calls, often at a lower cost than traditional phone lines. Look for providers like Vonage, Google Voice, or Ooma, which offer competitive pricing and additional features such as call forwarding and voicemail. Another option is to use mobile apps like Skype or WhatsApp for free calls and messaging with friends and family who also use these services. Ensure your internet connection is stable and meets the provider's requirements for reliable service.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services. These services use your internet connection to make and receive calls, often at a fraction of the cost. Providers like Vonage, Ooma, and Google Voice offer various plans with different features. Another option is to use a mobile phone as your primary line, taking advantage of unlimited or low-cost calling plans offered by mobile carriers. Additionally, consider using apps like WhatsApp or Skype for free voice and video calls, which can be accessed through your smartphone or computer.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services such as Vonage, Ooma, or Google Voice. These services use your internet connection to make and receive calls, often at a fraction of the cost of a traditional phone line. Additionally, look into mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) like Boost Mobile or Republic Wireless, which offer affordable plans with minimal contracts. For those needing basic phone features, consider a pay-as-you-go SIM card from providers like Tello or TracFone, which can be inserted into any smartphone. Lastly, check if your internet service provider', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services such as Skype, Vonage, or Google Voice. These services allow you to make and receive calls using your internet connection, often at a fraction of the cost of traditional phone lines. Additionally, look into mobile plans that include calling and texts for free or at reduced rates. Another option is to use a cellular hotspot device to connect your landline phone to a mobile network, which can significantly lower monthly expenses. Comparing plans from different providers and checking for promotional offers can also help you save money on your phone service.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line, consider VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) services such as Vonage or Google Voice. These services allow you to make calls using your internet connection, often at a fraction of the cost of traditional phone lines. Additionally, explore mobile plans from providers like T-Mobile or Cricket Wireless, which offer free or low-cost calling and texting services when used with their data plan. Another option is to use a wireless home phone system that plugs into your router and uses your Wi-Fi network for calls, available from companies like Grandstream or Yealink. Lastly, check if your local library or community center'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 2790):
Original:     Should I pay more than 20% down on a home?
Reformulated: Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Should I pay more than 20% d...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["When considering a mortgage for a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can provide several benefits. It typically eliminates the need for private mortgage insurance (PMI), as lenders usually require this insurance when less than 20% is paid upfront. Additionally, higher initial payments can lower your monthly mortgage amount, reducing interest costs over the life of the loan. However, it's important to assess your financial situation to ensure you have enough funds available for closing costs, emergency savings, and other expenses. Balancing your down payment with your overall financial health is crucial for long-term stability.", 'When considering a mortgage for a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can offer several advantages. Firstly, it can significantly reduce your monthly payments by decreasing the loan amount. Additionally, a larger down payment often qualifies you for lower interest rates, leading to substantial savings over the life of the loan. Moreover, lenders typically require private mortgage insurance (PMI) for loans where the down payment is less than 20%. By putting down more than 20%, you avoid this additional cost. However, ensure you have sufficient funds available for closing costs and unexpected expenses before making such a significant down payment.', "When considering a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can offer several advantages. It reduces your loan amount, lowering monthly payments and the total interest you'll pay over the life of the loan. Additionally, lenders often view larger down payments favorably, potentially leading to better interest rates and fewer private mortgage insurance (PMI) fees. However, ensure you have sufficient funds for closing costs, moving expenses, and other financial obligations before making such a significant investment. Balancing these factors will help you decide if a larger down payment aligns with your financial goals.", "Deciding whether to pay more than 20% down on a home depends on your financial situation and goals. Paying 20% or more typically reduces your monthly mortgage payments and eliminates the need for private mortgage insurance (PMI), which can save you money in the long run. However, it's important to ensure you have enough funds for closing costs and emergency savings. Consider consulting with a financial advisor to balance your down payment against other financial obligations and future needs.", "When considering a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can reduce your mortgage insurance premiums and potentially lower your interest rate. However, it's important to assess your financial situation, as saving a larger down payment may leave you with less available cash for closing costs and other expenses. A 20% down payment strikes a balance between minimizing future costs and ensuring you have sufficient liquidity."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 2848, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "When considering a mortgage for a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can provide several benefits. It typically eliminates the need for private mortgage insurance (PMI), as lenders usually require this insurance when less than 20% is paid upfront. Additionally, higher initial payments can lower your monthly mortgage amount, reducing interest costs over the life of the loan. However, it's important to assess your financial situation to ensure you have enough funds available for closing costs, emergency savings, and other expenses. Balancing your down payment with your overall financial health is crucial for long-term stability.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'When considering a mortgage for a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can offer several advantages. Firstly, it can significantly reduce your monthly payments by decreasing the loan amount. Additionally, a larger down payment often qualifies you for lower interest rates, leading to substantial savings over the life of the loan. Moreover, lenders typically require private mortgage insurance (PMI) for loans where the down payment is less than 20%. By putting down more than 20%, you avoid this additional cost. However, ensure you have sufficient funds available for closing costs and unexpected expenses before making such a significant down payment.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "When considering a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can offer several advantages. It reduces your loan amount, lowering monthly payments and the total interest you'll pay over the life of the loan. Additionally, lenders often view larger down payments favorably, potentially leading to better interest rates and fewer private mortgage insurance (PMI) fees. However, ensure you have sufficient funds for closing costs, moving expenses, and other financial obligations before making such a significant investment. Balancing these factors will help you decide if a larger down payment aligns with your financial goals.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Deciding whether to pay more than 20% down on a home depends on your financial situation and goals. Paying 20% or more typically reduces your monthly mortgage payments and eliminates the need for private mortgage insurance (PMI), which can save you money in the long run. However, it's important to ensure you have enough funds for closing costs and emergency savings. Consider consulting with a financial advisor to balance your down payment against other financial obligations and future needs.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "When considering a home purchase, paying more than 20% down can reduce your mortgage insurance premiums and potentially lower your interest rate. However, it's important to assess your financial situation, as saving a larger down payment may leave you with less available cash for closing costs and other expenses. A 20% down payment strikes a balance between minimizing future costs and ensuring you have sufficient liquidity."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 9060):
Original:     Buying puts without owning underlying
Reformulated: Buying puts without owning underlying Buying puts without owning underlying Buying puts without owning underlying Buying puts without owning underlying Buying puts without owning underlying Buying put...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Buying put options without owning the underlying stock involves speculating on a potential decline in the stock price. This strategy, known as naked put buying or uncovered put writing, allows you to profit from a decrease in value without holding the stock. However, it comes with high risk due to unlimited potential losses if the stock price rises significantly above the strike price. Traders use this approach to hedge against potential losses in their long positions or to generate income through premiums, but they must be cautious to avoid substantial financial losses.', 'When buying put options without owning the underlying asset, investors are engaging in a strategy known as "naked put selling" or simply "put buying." This approach allows investors to profit from potential declines in the underlying stock\'s price. However, it comes with significant risks since the investor has an unlimited loss potential if the stock price rises sharply. Typically, this strategy is employed by those who wish to benefit from bearish market sentiments or to hedge other positions, provided they have adequate capital and risk management strategies in place.', 'Buying put options without owning the underlying asset is a strategy often used by investors for hedging or speculative purposes. This involves purchasing put options to gain exposure to potential downside risk in the market or a specific security, without the obligation to buy the underlying asset. This approach can be advantageous for managing risk or betting on a decline in the price of the underlying asset.', 'Buying put options without owning the underlying stock is a common strategy used by investors for speculative or hedging purposes. Put options give the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying stock at the strike price before the expiration date. This strategy allows traders to benefit from a potential decline in the stock price without the need to own the shares. However, it comes with risks, as the maximum loss is limited to the premium paid for the put option.', "Certainly! Here’s a concise and informative passage:\n\nWhen buying put options without owning the underlying asset, traders bet on the decline in the price of that asset. This strategy allows investors to hedge against potential losses or speculate on a price drop without the need to purchase the underlying stock or commodity directly. It's important to consider factors such as strike prices, expiration dates, and volatility when making such trades."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 2514, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Buying put options without owning the underlying stock involves speculating on a potential decline in the stock price. This strategy, known as naked put buying or uncovered put writing, allows you to profit from a decrease in value without holding the stock. However, it comes with high risk due to unlimited potential losses if the stock price rises significantly above the strike price. Traders use this approach to hedge against potential losses in their long positions or to generate income through premiums, but they must be cautious to avoid substantial financial losses.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'When buying put options without owning the underlying asset, investors are engaging in a strategy known as "naked put selling" or simply "put buying." This approach allows investors to profit from potential declines in the underlying stock\'s price. However, it comes with significant risks since the investor has an unlimited loss potential if the stock price rises sharply. Typically, this strategy is employed by those who wish to benefit from bearish market sentiments or to hedge other positions, provided they have adequate capital and risk management strategies in place.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Buying put options without owning the underlying asset is a strategy often used by investors for hedging or speculative purposes. This involves purchasing put options to gain exposure to potential downside risk in the market or a specific security, without the obligation to buy the underlying asset. This approach can be advantageous for managing risk or betting on a decline in the price of the underlying asset.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Buying put options without owning the underlying stock is a common strategy used by investors for speculative or hedging purposes. Put options give the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying stock at the strike price before the expiration date. This strategy allows traders to benefit from a potential decline in the stock price without the need to own the shares. However, it comes with risks, as the maximum loss is limited to the premium paid for the put option.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Certainly! Here’s a concise and informative passage:\n\nWhen buying put options without owning the underlying asset, traders bet on the decline in the price of that asset. This strategy allows investors to hedge against potential losses or speculate on a price drop without the need to purchase the underlying stock or commodity directly. It's important to consider factors such as strike prices, expiration dates, and volatility when making such trades."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 2306):
Original:     To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards?
Reformulated: To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards? To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards? To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards? To whom should I report fr...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['If you suspect fraud on both of your credit cards, you should report it immediately to both the card issuers and the major credit bureaus. Contact the customer service departments of each card issuer to file a fraud alert and obtain a copy of your credit report. Additionally, notify the three major credit reporting agencies (Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion) to place a fraud alert or a credit freeze on your reports. This helps prevent further fraudulent activity in your name.', "If you suspect fraud on both of your credit cards, you should report it immediately to both the issuing banks and to the major credit bureaus. Contact your bank's customer service using the phone number on the back of your card or through their official website. Additionally, report the fraud to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) via their website or by calling their fraud hotline. This multi-step process will help ensure that your accounts are secured and any fraudulent activity is addressed promptly.", 'To report fraud on both of your credit cards, you should contact the fraud departments of each card issuer directly. You can find their phone numbers on the back of your credit cards or in the terms and conditions document. Alternatively, you can use the fraud reporting line provided by major credit bureaus like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion. For immediate action, call the fraud alert number (1-800-766-0008) and follow their instructions to secure your accounts and prevent further unauthorized transactions.', 'If you suspect fraud on both of your credit cards, you should immediately report it to your card issuers. Contact the customer service numbers on the back of your cards or through their official websites. Additionally, report the fraud to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) via IdentityTheft.gov or by calling 1-877-438-4338. For faster assistance, consider contacting your local police department as well.', 'To report fraud on both of your credit cards, you should contact the fraud departments of the respective credit card issuers as soon as possible. You can find their contact information on the back of your credit card or on the issuer’s website. Additionally, you should notify your bank or financial institution, and consider reporting the fraud to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) through IdentityTheft.gov or by calling 1-877-438-4338.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 57, 'docs_len': 2353, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'If you suspect fraud on both of your credit cards, you should report it immediately to both the card issuers and the major credit bureaus. Contact the customer service departments of each card issuer to file a fraud alert and obtain a copy of your credit report. Additionally, notify the three major credit reporting agencies (Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion) to place a fraud alert or a credit freeze on your reports. This helps prevent further fraudulent activity in your name.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "If you suspect fraud on both of your credit cards, you should report it immediately to both the issuing banks and to the major credit bureaus. Contact your bank's customer service using the phone number on the back of your card or through their official website. Additionally, report the fraud to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) via their website or by calling their fraud hotline. This multi-step process will help ensure that your accounts are secured and any fraudulent activity is addressed promptly.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To report fraud on both of your credit cards, you should contact the fraud departments of each card issuer directly. You can find their phone numbers on the back of your credit cards or in the terms and conditions document. Alternatively, you can use the fraud reporting line provided by major credit bureaus like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion. For immediate action, call the fraud alert number (1-800-766-0008) and follow their instructions to secure your accounts and prevent further unauthorized transactions.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'If you suspect fraud on both of your credit cards, you should immediately report it to your card issuers. Contact the customer service numbers on the back of your cards or through their official websites. Additionally, report the fraud to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) via IdentityTheft.gov or by calling 1-877-438-4338. For faster assistance, consider contacting your local police department as well.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To report fraud on both of your credit cards, you should contact the fraud departments of the respective credit card issuers as soon as possible. You can find their contact information on the back of your credit card or on the issuer’s website. Additionally, you should notify your bank or financial institution, and consider reporting the fraud to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) through IdentityTheft.gov or by calling 1-877-438-4338.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 3759):
Original:     Simplifying money management
Reformulated: Simplifying money management Simplifying money management Simplifying money management Simplifying money management Simplifying money management Simplifying money management Simplifying money manageme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Simplifying money management involves creating a structured approach to handling finances. Start by setting clear financial goals, such as saving for retirement or paying off debt. Establish a budget that tracks income and expenses, helping you understand where your money goes. Automate savings and bill payments to avoid missed deadlines and keep your finances organized. Use tools like apps and spreadsheets to monitor your budget and track your progress. Regularly review and adjust your financial plan to stay on track with your goals.', "To simplify money management, start by creating a budget that tracks income and expenses. Use tools like spreadsheets or budgeting apps to monitor spending and savings. Set up automatic transfers to savings and investment accounts to ensure financial goals are met regularly. Prioritize debt repayment and consider consolidating high-interest debts. Keep an emergency fund with three to six months' worth of living expenses. Regularly review your financial plan and adjust as needed to stay on track with your financial goals.", 'Simplifying money management involves creating a streamlined system to track and control your finances. Start by setting up a budget that outlines your income and expenses, prioritizing essential spending like housing, utilities, and groceries. Utilize digital tools or apps to monitor your accounts in real-time, automate bill payments, and save regularly. Additionally, keep your financial goals clear and adjust your budget as needed to stay on track. By simplifying these processes, you can achieve greater financial clarity and reduce stress related to money management.', 'Simplifying money management involves creating a clear and organized approach to handling finances. Start by setting a budget that tracks income and expenses, allowing you to see where your money goes. Use tools like spreadsheets or financial apps to automate tracking and analysis. Next, prioritize saving by setting aside a fixed percentage of your income each month. Consider opening separate accounts for different purposes, such as emergency funds, retirement savings, and vacations. Lastly, regularly review and adjust your financial plan to ensure it aligns with your goals and reflects any changes in your financial situation.', 'Simplifying money management involves creating a streamlined budget, tracking expenses, and automating savings. Start by listing all income sources and monthly expenses to identify areas where you can cut back. Use budgeting apps or spreadsheets to monitor your spending in real-time. Automate bill payments and savings contributions to avoid late fees and ensure consistent savings. Setting up automatic transfers to savings accounts can also help build emergency funds and achieve financial goals more efficiently. Regularly review and adjust your budget as needed to stay on track with your financial objectives.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 28, 'docs_len': 2894, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Simplifying money management involves creating a structured approach to handling finances. Start by setting clear financial goals, such as saving for retirement or paying off debt. Establish a budget that tracks income and expenses, helping you understand where your money goes. Automate savings and bill payments to avoid missed deadlines and keep your finances organized. Use tools like apps and spreadsheets to monitor your budget and track your progress. Regularly review and adjust your financial plan to stay on track with your goals.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "To simplify money management, start by creating a budget that tracks income and expenses. Use tools like spreadsheets or budgeting apps to monitor spending and savings. Set up automatic transfers to savings and investment accounts to ensure financial goals are met regularly. Prioritize debt repayment and consider consolidating high-interest debts. Keep an emergency fund with three to six months' worth of living expenses. Regularly review your financial plan and adjust as needed to stay on track with your financial goals.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Simplifying money management involves creating a streamlined system to track and control your finances. Start by setting up a budget that outlines your income and expenses, prioritizing essential spending like housing, utilities, and groceries. Utilize digital tools or apps to monitor your accounts in real-time, automate bill payments, and save regularly. Additionally, keep your financial goals clear and adjust your budget as needed to stay on track. By simplifying these processes, you can achieve greater financial clarity and reduce stress related to money management.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Simplifying money management involves creating a clear and organized approach to handling finances. Start by setting a budget that tracks income and expenses, allowing you to see where your money goes. Use tools like spreadsheets or financial apps to automate tracking and analysis. Next, prioritize saving by setting aside a fixed percentage of your income each month. Consider opening separate accounts for different purposes, such as emergency funds, retirement savings, and vacations. Lastly, regularly review and adjust your financial plan to ensure it aligns with your goals and reflects any changes in your financial situation.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Simplifying money management involves creating a streamlined budget, tracking expenses, and automating savings. Start by listing all income sources and monthly expenses to identify areas where you can cut back. Use budgeting apps or spreadsheets to monitor your spending in real-time. Automate bill payments and savings contributions to avoid late fees and ensure consistent savings. Setting up automatic transfers to savings accounts can also help build emergency funds and achieve financial goals more efficiently. Regularly review and adjust your budget as needed to stay on track with your financial objectives.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 10414):
Original:     What is considered high or low when talking about volume?
Reformulated: What is considered high or low when talking about volume? What is considered high or low when talking about volume? What is considered high or low when talking about volume? What is considered high or...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['In the context of sound volume, what is considered high or low varies depending on the context. Generally, a volume below 60 decibels (dB) is considered low and safe for prolonged exposure, while anything above 85 dB is classified as high and can pose hearing damage risks if sustained over time. In everyday settings, conversational speech typically ranges from 40-60 dB, making it relatively low in volume. Loud environments, such as concerts or construction sites, often reach volumes between 100-120 dB, which are considered high.', 'Volume in terms of sound refers to the loudness or intensity of the noise. In this context, "high volume" typically means a louder sound level, often exceeding 85 decibels, which can be harmful to hearing if prolonged exposure occurs. Conversely, "low volume" indicates a softer sound level, generally below 40 decibels, which is quieter and less intrusive.', 'Volume, in the context of sound or data transmission, is considered high if it exceeds the normal or comfortable level. For instance, a sound level above 85 decibels (dB) for extended periods can be classified as high and potentially harmful to hearing. Conversely, volume is low when it falls below a comfortable threshold, typically below 30 dB. In telecommunications, a signal with a low volume has weak strength, whereas a high volume indicates a strong signal.', 'Volume in measurements can be considered high or low depending on the context. In sound, for instance, a volume level above 85 decibels is often classified as high and potentially harmful to hearing over extended periods. Conversely, a volume below 20 decibels is generally regarded as low. In fluid or gas contexts, high volume might refer to large quantities, while low volume indicates smaller amounts. The specific thresholds for high and low volumes can vary widely based on the application or industry.', 'When discussing volume, what is considered "high" or "low" can vary depending on the context. In sound engineering, a high volume refers to a loudness level, often measured in decibels (dB), where sounds above 85 dB are considered potentially hazardous to hearing. Conversely, a low volume corresponds to softer sounds, typically below 40 dB. In fluid measurements, high volume might refer to large quantities, such as liters or cubic meters, while low volume would indicate smaller amounts, like milliliters or gallons. Context is key, as these definitions can differ across various fields such as acoustics, fluid'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 57, 'docs_len': 2483, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'In the context of sound volume, what is considered high or low varies depending on the context. Generally, a volume below 60 decibels (dB) is considered low and safe for prolonged exposure, while anything above 85 dB is classified as high and can pose hearing damage risks if sustained over time. In everyday settings, conversational speech typically ranges from 40-60 dB, making it relatively low in volume. Loud environments, such as concerts or construction sites, often reach volumes between 100-120 dB, which are considered high.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Volume in terms of sound refers to the loudness or intensity of the noise. In this context, "high volume" typically means a louder sound level, often exceeding 85 decibels, which can be harmful to hearing if prolonged exposure occurs. Conversely, "low volume" indicates a softer sound level, generally below 40 decibels, which is quieter and less intrusive.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Volume, in the context of sound or data transmission, is considered high if it exceeds the normal or comfortable level. For instance, a sound level above 85 decibels (dB) for extended periods can be classified as high and potentially harmful to hearing. Conversely, volume is low when it falls below a comfortable threshold, typically below 30 dB. In telecommunications, a signal with a low volume has weak strength, whereas a high volume indicates a strong signal.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Volume in measurements can be considered high or low depending on the context. In sound, for instance, a volume level above 85 decibels is often classified as high and potentially harmful to hearing over extended periods. Conversely, a volume below 20 decibels is generally regarded as low. In fluid or gas contexts, high volume might refer to large quantities, while low volume indicates smaller amounts. The specific thresholds for high and low volumes can vary widely based on the application or industry.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'When discussing volume, what is considered "high" or "low" can vary depending on the context. In sound engineering, a high volume refers to a loudness level, often measured in decibels (dB), where sounds above 85 dB are considered potentially hazardous to hearing. Conversely, a low volume corresponds to softer sounds, typically below 40 dB. In fluid measurements, high volume might refer to large quantities, such as liters or cubic meters, while low volume would indicate smaller amounts, like milliliters or gallons. Context is key, as these definitions can differ across various fields such as acoustics, fluid'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 6907):
Original:     Nominal value of shares
Reformulated: Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal value of shares Nominal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company at the time of issue. It appears on the share certificate and is used for accounting and legal purposes. While this value may not reflect the actual market price of the share, it serves as a minimum valuation for shares in case of liquidation. Shareholders typically do not receive dividends based on nominal value but rather on the share's current market price or dividend policy set by the company's board.", 'The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company when it issues stock. It appears on the share certificate and is used for accounting and legal purposes. However, in many modern markets, shares are often issued at par value below their market price, and the nominal value may not reflect the actual market value or intrinsic worth of the share.', 'The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company when it issues its shares. It is typically stated on the share certificate and represents the minimum value of the share as determined by the issuing corporation. This value is often nominal and may not reflect the actual market value of the share. Companies usually set this value at a low amount, sometimes even a fraction of a currency unit, to simplify the legal and administrative procedures related to share issuance and transactions.', "The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share when it is issued by a company. This value is typically stated on the share certificate and serves as a minimum valuation for the share. Nominal value is used for accounting purposes and in calculating a shareholder's liability if the company is liquidated. However, it does not necessarily reflect the market value of the share, which can fluctuate based on supply and demand in the stock market.", 'The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company at the time of its issue. This value is typically stated in the company’s articles of association and is used for accounting purposes and to determine the liability of shareholders. While nominal value does not necessarily reflect the market price of a share, it plays a crucial role in legal and regulatory contexts, such as calculating the total capital subscribed by shareholders.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 23, 'docs_len': 2454, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company at the time of issue. It appears on the share certificate and is used for accounting and legal purposes. While this value may not reflect the actual market price of the share, it serves as a minimum valuation for shares in case of liquidation. Shareholders typically do not receive dividends based on nominal value but rather on the share's current market price or dividend policy set by the company's board.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company when it issues stock. It appears on the share certificate and is used for accounting and legal purposes. However, in many modern markets, shares are often issued at par value below their market price, and the nominal value may not reflect the actual market value or intrinsic worth of the share.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company when it issues its shares. It is typically stated on the share certificate and represents the minimum value of the share as determined by the issuing corporation. This value is often nominal and may not reflect the actual market value of the share. Companies usually set this value at a low amount, sometimes even a fraction of a currency unit, to simplify the legal and administrative procedures related to share issuance and transactions.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share when it is issued by a company. This value is typically stated on the share certificate and serves as a minimum valuation for the share. Nominal value is used for accounting purposes and in calculating a shareholder's liability if the company is liquidated. However, it does not necessarily reflect the market value of the share, which can fluctuate based on supply and demand in the stock market.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The nominal value of shares, also known as par value, is the face value assigned to each share by a company at the time of its issue. This value is typically stated in the company’s articles of association and is used for accounting purposes and to determine the liability of shareholders. While nominal value does not necessarily reflect the market price of a share, it plays a crucial role in legal and regulatory contexts, such as calculating the total capital subscribed by shareholders.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 2423):
Original:     At what age should I start or stop saving money?
Reformulated: At what age should I start or stop saving money? At what age should I start or stop saving money? At what age should I start or stop saving money? At what age should I start or stop saving money? At w...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["It's advisable to start saving money as early as possible, ideally in your late teens or early twenties. This allows time for compound interest to work in your favor. However, you can begin saving at any age; even starting in your thirties or beyond can still yield significant benefits. Conversely, there isn't a specific age to stop saving, as financial planning is an ongoing process. It's generally recommended to continue saving throughout your working life and to adjust your savings rate as your financial goals and income change.", "It's generally recommended to start saving money as soon as possible, ideally by the time you turn 25 or immediately after gaining financial independence. Early savings can take advantage of compound interest, allowing your money to grow significantly over time. However, there's no upper age limit for saving; in fact, it's crucial to continue saving throughout your life to ensure financial security during retirement. Aim to maintain a steady savings habit, adjusting contributions based on your income, expenses, and financial goals.", "It's beneficial to start saving money as soon as possible, ideally in your early twenties, to take advantage of compound interest over time. However, even if you start later, it's never too late to begin. Aim to save at least 20% of your income for long-term goals such as retirement, education, or emergency funds. There's no upper age limit for saving; continue contributing to your savings throughout your life to ensure financial security in your later years.", "It's generally advisable to start saving money as early as possible, ideally right after you begin earning income. Starting early allows your money to benefit from compound interest over a longer period. However, there's no upper age limit for saving; it's beneficial to save throughout your life. Focus on setting realistic goals and adjusting your savings plan as your financial situation and life circumstances change. Whether you're in your 20s, 40s, or beyond, consistent saving can help secure your financial future.", "It's beneficial to start saving money as soon as you begin earning, ideally by the time you turn 25. Early savings can benefit from compound interest over a longer period. However, there's no specific age to stop saving; continuing to save throughout your life, even into your senior years, ensures financial security and flexibility. Aim to save at least 20% of your income for long-term goals, adjusting based on your financial situation and stage of life."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 48, 'docs_len': 2521, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "It's advisable to start saving money as early as possible, ideally in your late teens or early twenties. This allows time for compound interest to work in your favor. However, you can begin saving at any age; even starting in your thirties or beyond can still yield significant benefits. Conversely, there isn't a specific age to stop saving, as financial planning is an ongoing process. It's generally recommended to continue saving throughout your working life and to adjust your savings rate as your financial goals and income change.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "It's generally recommended to start saving money as soon as possible, ideally by the time you turn 25 or immediately after gaining financial independence. Early savings can take advantage of compound interest, allowing your money to grow significantly over time. However, there's no upper age limit for saving; in fact, it's crucial to continue saving throughout your life to ensure financial security during retirement. Aim to maintain a steady savings habit, adjusting contributions based on your income, expenses, and financial goals.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "It's beneficial to start saving money as soon as possible, ideally in your early twenties, to take advantage of compound interest over time. However, even if you start later, it's never too late to begin. Aim to save at least 20% of your income for long-term goals such as retirement, education, or emergency funds. There's no upper age limit for saving; continue contributing to your savings throughout your life to ensure financial security in your later years.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "It's generally advisable to start saving money as early as possible, ideally right after you begin earning income. Starting early allows your money to benefit from compound interest over a longer period. However, there's no upper age limit for saving; it's beneficial to save throughout your life. Focus on setting realistic goals and adjusting your savings plan as your financial situation and life circumstances change. Whether you're in your 20s, 40s, or beyond, consistent saving can help secure your financial future.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "It's beneficial to start saving money as soon as you begin earning, ideally by the time you turn 25. Early savings can benefit from compound interest over a longer period. However, there's no specific age to stop saving; continuing to save throughout your life, even into your senior years, ensures financial security and flexibility. Aim to save at least 20% of your income for long-term goals, adjusting based on your financial situation and stage of life."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 3512):
Original:     As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company's financial statements?
Reformulated: As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company's financial statements? As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company's fi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["As an employee, it is generally inappropriate to request to see your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason. Financial transparency is crucial for startups, but requests for such sensitive information may disrupt internal processes and foster distrust among team members. Typically, access to financial statements should be restricted to those with a direct need-to-know, such as management and key financial personnel. Exceptions can be made if the company's policies permit broader access for strategic planning or specific compliance requirements.", "In general, as an employee, it is inappropriate to request access to your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason or prior approval. Such requests can be seen as a breach of trust and confidentiality. Financial information is often protected due to sensitive nature and regulatory compliance requirements. If you have a genuine need for this information related to your job responsibilities, discuss your request with your manager or the finance department to ensure it aligns with company policies and legal considerations.", "As an employee, it is generally inappropriate to request access to your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason or explicit permission from management. Financial statements often contain sensitive and proprietary information, and accessing them without authorization could be considered a breach of trust and confidentiality. Such requests should only be made if they are directly related to your job responsibilities or if the company has established a policy allowing employee access to financial records for specific purposes.", "It is generally inappropriate for employees to request to see their young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason. Such requests can be seen as an overreach of authority and may not align with the company's confidentiality policies. Unless you have a specific role that requires access to this information, or if the company has a transparent culture that encourages such requests, it is best to avoid asking for financial statements. Instead, focus on other means to address any concerns about the company's financial health through official channels or during scheduled financial reviews.", "As an employee, it is generally inappropriate to request to see your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason. Such requests can be seen as overstepping boundaries and may indicate a lack of trust in management. Financial statements typically contain sensitive information that could impact the company's standing if disclosed improperly. Unless your position specifically requires access to this information or you have been granted explicit permission by the management, it is advisable to maintain professional boundaries."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 109, 'docs_len': 2941, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "As an employee, it is generally inappropriate to request to see your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason. Financial transparency is crucial for startups, but requests for such sensitive information may disrupt internal processes and foster distrust among team members. Typically, access to financial statements should be restricted to those with a direct need-to-know, such as management and key financial personnel. Exceptions can be made if the company's policies permit broader access for strategic planning or specific compliance requirements.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "In general, as an employee, it is inappropriate to request access to your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason or prior approval. Such requests can be seen as a breach of trust and confidentiality. Financial information is often protected due to sensitive nature and regulatory compliance requirements. If you have a genuine need for this information related to your job responsibilities, discuss your request with your manager or the finance department to ensure it aligns with company policies and legal considerations.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "As an employee, it is generally inappropriate to request access to your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason or explicit permission from management. Financial statements often contain sensitive and proprietary information, and accessing them without authorization could be considered a breach of trust and confidentiality. Such requests should only be made if they are directly related to your job responsibilities or if the company has established a policy allowing employee access to financial records for specific purposes.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "It is generally inappropriate for employees to request to see their young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason. Such requests can be seen as an overreach of authority and may not align with the company's confidentiality policies. Unless you have a specific role that requires access to this information, or if the company has a transparent culture that encourages such requests, it is best to avoid asking for financial statements. Instead, focus on other means to address any concerns about the company's financial health through official channels or during scheduled financial reviews.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "As an employee, it is generally inappropriate to request to see your young or startup company's financial statements without a legitimate business reason. Such requests can be seen as overstepping boundaries and may indicate a lack of trust in management. Financial statements typically contain sensitive information that could impact the company's standing if disclosed improperly. Unless your position specifically requires access to this information or you have been granted explicit permission by the management, it is advisable to maintain professional boundaries."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

