Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 44):
Original:     How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread of the COVID-19?
Reformulated: How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread of the COVID-19? How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread of the COVID-19? How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread o...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What percentage reduction in COVID-19 transmission can be attributed to the use of masks?\n2. How effective are different types of masks in preventing the spread of the COVID-19 virus?\n3. In what scenarios are masks most and least effective in reducing the spread of the COVID-19 virus?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What percentage reduction in COVID-19 transmission can be attributed to the use of masks?", "question2": "How effective are different types of masks in preventing the spread of the COVID-19 virus?", "question3": "In what scenarios are masks most and least effective in reducing the spread of the COVID-19 virus?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "The percentage reduction in COVID-19 transmission attributed to the use of masks varies based on several factors including the type of mask used, the community adherence to wearing masks, and local compliance with other public health measures. Studies suggest that widespread use of masks can reduce transmission by 20-40%, although exact figures may differ based on specific conditions and studies.",\n"answer2": "Different types of masks vary in their effectiveness against the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Surgical masks, which have at least three layers and include a metal strip for nose coverage, offer moderate protection. Cloth masks made', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "The percentage reduction in COVID-19 transmission attributed to the use of masks varies based on several factors including the type of mask used, the community adherence to wearing masks, and local compliance with other public health measures. Studies suggest that widespread use of masks can reduce transmission by 20-40%, although exact figures may differ based on specific conditions and studies."}', 'refined_text': 'The percentage reduction in COVID-19 transmission attributed to the use of masks varies based on several factors including the type of mask used, the community adherence to wearing masks, and local compliance with other public health measures. Studies suggest that widespread use of masks can reduce transmission by 20-40%, although exact figures may differ based on specific conditions and studies.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 45):
Original:     How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health?
Reformulated: How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health? How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health? How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health? The increase in isolation and social d...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. How has the increase in isolation and social distancing affected mental health during the COVID-19 pandemic?\n2. What are the most common mental health issues that have risen due to the COVID-19 pandemic?\n3. Have there been any notable changes in mental health treatment seeking behavior since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "How has the increase in isolation and social distancing affected mental health during the COVID-19 pandemic?", "question2": "What are the most common mental health issues that have risen due to the COVID-19 pandemic?", "question3": "Have there been any notable changes in mental health treatment seeking behavior since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "The increase in isolation and social distancing measures during the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health. Social isolation can exacerbate feelings of loneliness, anxiety, and depression, especially among vulnerable populations such as older adults, children, and those with pre-existing mental health conditions. These measures can lead to a sense of disconnection from support networks and hinder access to essential mental health services, thereby increasing the risk of poor mental health outcomes.",\n"answer2": "Several mental health issues have surged due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Anxiety disorders, depression, and stress-related disorders are among the most common.', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "The increase in isolation and social distancing measures during the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health. Social isolation can exacerbate feelings of loneliness, anxiety, and depression, especially among vulnerable populations such as older adults, children, and those with pre-existing mental health conditions. These measures can lead to a sense of disconnection from support networks and hinder access to essential mental health services, thereby increasing the risk of poor mental health outcomes."}', 'refined_text': 'The increase in isolation and social distancing measures during the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health. Social isolation can exacerbate feelings of loneliness, anxiety, and depression, especially among vulnerable populations such as older adults, children, and those with pre-existing mental health conditions. These measures can lead to a sense of disconnection from support networks and hinder access to essential mental health services, thereby increasing the risk of poor mental health outcomes.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 46):
Original:     what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19?
Reformulated: what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19? what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19? what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for ...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What specific studies or trials have provided evidence for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19?\n2. How does dexamethasone help in treating patients with COVID-19 according to the available evidence?\n3. What are the key findings from the evidence that support using dexamethasone for COVID-19 patients?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What specific studies or trials have provided evidence for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19?", "question2": "How does dexamethasone help in treating patients with COVID-19 according to the available evidence?", "question3": "What are the key findings from the evidence that support using dexamethasone for COVID-19 patients?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "Dexamethasone\'s effectiveness in treating severe cases of COVID-19 was first demonstrated in a large-scale, randomized, placebo-controlled trial called the RECOVERY (Randomized Evaluation of COVid-19 Therapy) trial. This trial, conducted by researchers from the University of Oxford and involving multiple hospitals across the United Kingdom, found that dexamethasone reduced mortality by one-third in patients receiving mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen alone, compared to a placebo. Other studies, such as the COV19-IT trial in Italy and the CORTICOS', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "Dexamethasone\'s effectiveness in treating severe cases of COVID-19 was first demonstrated in a large-scale, randomized, placebo-controlled trial called the RECOVERY (Randomized Evaluation of COVid-19 Therapy) trial. This trial, conducted by researchers from the University of Oxford and involving multiple hospitals across the United Kingdom, found that dexamethasone reduced mortality by one-third in patients receiving mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen alone, compared to a placebo."}', 'refined_text': "Dexamethasone's effectiveness in treating severe cases of COVID-19 was first demonstrated in a large-scale, randomized, placebo-controlled trial called the RECOVERY (Randomized Evaluation of COVid-19 Therapy) trial. This trial, conducted by researchers from the University of Oxford and involving multiple hospitals across the United Kingdom, found that dexamethasone reduced mortality by one-third in patients receiving mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen alone, compared to a placebo.", 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 47):
Original:     what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19?
Reformulated: what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19? what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19? what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19? Commo...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What are the common health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19?\n2. How does the severity of health outcomes differ between children and adults with COVID-19?\n3. Are there any long-term health effects that children might experience after contracting COVID-19?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What are the common health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19?", "question2": "How does the severity of health outcomes differ between children and adults with COVID-19?", "question3": "Are there any long-term health effects that children might experience after contracting COVID-19?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "Common health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19 include mild symptoms such as fever, cough, and shortness of breath. However, some children may experience severe illness or complications, including Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), which can affect various organs and systems. Most children recover fully from their initial infection, but some may have prolonged recovery times and residual symptoms.",\n"answer2": "The severity of health outcomes generally differs between children and adults with COVID-19. Children tend to have milder symptoms and lower mortality rates compared to adults. While both groups can experience severe', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "Common health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19 include mild symptoms such as fever, cough, and shortness of breath. However, some children may experience severe illness or complications, including Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), which can affect various organs and systems. Most children recover fully from their initial infection, but some may have prolonged recovery times and residual symptoms."}', 'refined_text': 'Common health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19 include mild symptoms such as fever, cough, and shortness of breath. However, some children may experience severe illness or complications, including Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), which can affect various organs and systems. Most children recover fully from their initial infection, but some may have prolonged recovery times and residual symptoms.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 48):
Original:     what are the benefits and risks of re-opening schools in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic?
Reformulated: what are the benefits and risks of re-opening schools in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic? what are the benefits and risks of re-opening schools in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic? what are the b...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What are the primary health benefits of re-opening schools during the pandemic?\n2. What are the main risks associated with reopening schools amid the pandemic?\n3. How do the benefits of re-opening schools compare to the potential risks?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What are the primary health benefits of re-opening schools during the pandemic?", "question2": "What are the main risks associated with reopening schools amid the pandemic?", "question3": "How do the benefits of re-opening schools compare to the potential risks?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n  "answer1": "The primary health benefits of re-opening schools during the pandemic include fostering social and emotional development, enhancing academic performance, and reducing feelings of isolation among students. Schools also play a crucial role in providing meals, mental health support, and other essential services for children and families. Reopening schools can help maintain normalcy and stability in children\'s lives, which is important for their overall well-being and future learning outcomes.",\n  "answer2": "The main risks associated with reopening schools amid the pandemic involve the potential spread of COVID-19 among students, teachers, and staff. This can lead to increased cases within', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "The primary health benefits of re-opening schools during the pandemic include fostering social and emotional development, enhancing academic performance, and reducing feelings of isolation among students. Schools also play a crucial role in providing meals, mental health support, and other essential services for children and families. Reopening schools can help maintain normalcy and stability in children\'s lives, which is important for their overall well-being and future learning outcomes.", "answer2": "The main risks associated with reopening schools amid the pandemic involve the potential spread of COVID-19 among students, teachers, and staff. This can lead to increased cases within"}', 'refined_text': "The primary health benefits of re-opening schools during the pandemic include fostering social and emotional development, enhancing academic performance, and reducing feelings of isolation among students. Schools also play a crucial role in providing meals, mental health support, and other essential services for children and families. Reopening schools can help maintain normalcy and stability in children's lives, which is important for their overall well-being and future learning outcomes. The main risks associated with reopening schools amid the pandemic involve the potential spread of COVID-19 among students, teachers, and staff. This can lead to increased cases within", 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 49):
Original:     do individuals who recover from COVID-19 show sufficient immune response, including antibody levels and T-cell mediated immunity, to prevent re-infection?
Reformulated: do individuals who recover from COVID-19 show sufficient immune response, including antibody levels and T-cell mediated immunity, to prevent re-infection? do individuals who recover from COVID-19 show...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What specific types of immune responses, such as antibodies and T-cell mediated immunity, do recovered COVID-19 patients typically exhibit?\n2. How long-lasting is the immune response in individuals who have recovered from COVID-19, and can it prevent re-infection?\n3. Are there any differences in the immune response between mild and severe cases of COVID-19 recovery?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What specific types of immune responses, such as antibodies and T-cell mediated immunity, do recovered COVID-19 patients typically exhibit?", "question2": "How long-lasting is the immune response in individuals who have recovered from COVID-19, and can it prevent re-infection?", "question3": "Are there any differences in the immune response between mild and severe cases of COVID-19 recovery?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "Recovered COVID-19 patients typically exhibit both humoral (antibody) and cellular (T-cell mediated) immune responses. Antibodies, produced by B cells, recognize and neutralize the virus, while T cells play a crucial role in directly attacking infected cells and modulating the immune response. These immune responses help the body fight off future infections by the same or similar pathogens.",\n"answer2": "The duration of the immune response post-COVID-19 recovery varies among individuals. Early studies suggest that both antibody and T-cell responses can persist for at least six months after infection. However', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "Recovered COVID-19 patients typically exhibit both humoral (antibody) and cellular (T-cell mediated) immune responses. Antibodies, produced by B cells, recognize and neutralize the virus, while T cells play a crucial role in directly attacking infected cells and modulating the immune response. These immune responses help the body fight off future infections by the same or similar pathogens."}', 'refined_text': 'Recovered COVID-19 patients typically exhibit both humoral (antibody) and cellular (T-cell mediated) immune responses. Antibodies, produced by B cells, recognize and neutralize the virus, while T cells play a crucial role in directly attacking infected cells and modulating the immune response. These immune responses help the body fight off future infections by the same or similar pathogens.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 50):
Original:     what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus?
Reformulated: what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus? what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus? what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus? The key compon...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What are the key components of an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus?\n2. How does an mRNA vaccine target the SARS-CoV-2 virus specifically?\n3. What are the current stages of clinical trials for mRNA vaccines against SARS-CoV-2?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What are the key components of an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus?", "question2": "How does an mRNA vaccine target the SARS-CoV-2 virus specifically?", "question3": "What are the current stages of clinical trials for mRNA vaccines against SARS-CoV-2?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "The key components of an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus include the mRNA sequence that encodes for the spike (S) protein of the virus, which is then translated into that protein within cells. This vaccine also includes lipids that form a lipid nanoparticle (LNP) to protect and deliver the mRNA into cells. Additionally, it often contains adjuvants to enhance the immune response and stabilizers to maintain its structure during storage and delivery. These components work together to instruct the body to produce the S protein, triggering an immune response without causing the actual infection.",\n"answer2', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "The key components of an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus include the mRNA sequence that encodes for the spike (S) protein of the virus, which is then translated into that protein within cells. This vaccine also includes lipids that form a lipid nanoparticle (LNP) to protect and deliver the mRNA into cells. Additionally, it often contains adjuvants to enhance the immune response and stabilizers to maintain its structure during storage and delivery. These components work together to instruct the body to produce the S protein, triggering an immune response without causing the actual infection."}', 'refined_text': 'The key components of an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus include the mRNA sequence that encodes for the spike (S) protein of the virus, which is then translated into that protein within cells. This vaccine also includes lipids that form a lipid nanoparticle (LNP) to protect and deliver the mRNA into cells. Additionally, it often contains adjuvants to enhance the immune response and stabilizers to maintain its structure during storage and delivery. These components work together to instruct the body to produce the S protein, triggering an immune response without causing the actual infection.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 10):
Original:     has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19?
Reformulated: has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19? has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19? has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread ...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What evidence supports the claim that social distancing has slowed the spread of COVID-19?\n2. How effective has social distancing been in different regions or countries during the pandemic?\n3. Are there any specific metrics or data that demonstrate the impact of social distancing on reducing the transmission rate of COVID-19?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What evidence supports the claim that social distancing has slowed the spread of COVID-19?", "question2": "How effective has social distancing been in different regions or countries during the pandemic?", "question3": "Are there any specific metrics or data that demonstrate the impact of social distancing on reducing the transmission rate of COVID-19?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n  "answer1": "Numerous studies and real-world data support the claim that social distancing has slowed the spread of COVID-19. For instance, when lockdowns were implemented in China, Italy, and other early-hit countries, the number of new cases decreased significantly. Additionally, when restrictions were eased too quickly, such as in parts of the United States and some European countries, case numbers spiked again. This pattern of reduced transmission aligns with the principles of social distancing, which aim to reduce contact between individuals to slow viral spread.",\n  "answer2": "Social distancing has had varying degrees of effectiveness across different regions and', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "Numerous studies and real-world data support the claim that social distancing has slowed the spread of COVID-19. For instance, when lockdowns were implemented in China, Italy, and other early-hit countries, the number of new cases decreased significantly. Additionally, when restrictions were eased too quickly, such as in parts of the United States and some European countries, case numbers spiked again. This pattern of reduced transmission aligns with the principles of social distancing, which aim to reduce contact between individuals to slow viral spread."}', 'refined_text': 'Numerous studies and real-world data support the claim that social distancing has slowed the spread of COVID-19. For instance, when lockdowns were implemented in China, Italy, and other early-hit countries, the number of new cases decreased significantly. Additionally, when restrictions were eased too quickly, such as in parts of the United States and some European countries, case numbers spiked again. This pattern of reduced transmission aligns with the principles of social distancing, which aim to reduce contact between individuals to slow viral spread.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 11):
Original:     what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus?
Reformulated: what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus? what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus? what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What are the initial steps in triaging patients suspected of having coronavirus?\n2. What specific symptoms should be evaluated first when triaging coronavirus patients?\n3. How should resources be allocated when triaging a large number of coronavirus patients?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What are the initial steps in triaging patients suspected of having coronavirus?", "question2": "What specific symptoms should be evaluated first when triaging coronavirus patients?", "question3": "How should resources be allocated when triaging a large number of coronavirus patients?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n  "answer1": "The initial steps in triaging patients suspected of having coronavirus include assessing their vital signs (such as temperature, respiratory rate, and oxygen saturation), conducting a brief screening questionnaire to evaluate for travel history, exposure risk, and symptoms consistent with coronavirus infection, and performing a focused physical examination if necessary. Additionally, healthcare providers should ensure that appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn by themselves and patients to prevent the spread of the virus.",\n  "answer2": "When triaging coronavirus patients, the most critical symptoms to evaluate first include fever (temperature of 100.4°F or higher),', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "The initial steps in triaging patients suspected of having coronavirus include assessing their vital signs (such as temperature, respiratory rate, and oxygen saturation), conducting a brief screening questionnaire to evaluate for travel history, exposure risk, and symptoms consistent with coronavirus infection, and performing a focused physical examination if necessary. Additionally, healthcare providers should ensure that appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn by themselves and patients to prevent the spread of the virus."}', 'refined_text': 'The initial steps in triaging patients suspected of having coronavirus include assessing their vital signs (such as temperature, respiratory rate, and oxygen saturation), conducting a brief screening questionnaire to evaluate for travel history, exposure risk, and symptoms consistent with coronavirus infection, and performing a focused physical examination if necessary. Additionally, healthcare providers should ensure that appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn by themselves and patients to prevent the spread of the virus.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 12):
Original:     what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine?
Reformulated: what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine? what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine? what are best practices in hospitals and at home...
Metadata:     {'subquestions_raw': '1. What are the best practices for hospitals to ensure effective quarantine procedures?\n2. How can households implement best practices for maintaining quarantine measures?\n3. What are the key differences between hospital and home quarantine protocols?', 'questions_json': '{"question1": "What are the best practices for hospitals to ensure effective quarantine procedures?", "question2": "How can households implement best practices for maintaining quarantine measures?", "question3": "What are the key differences between hospital and home quarantine protocols?"}', 'answers_json': '{\n"answer1": "Best practices for hospitals to ensure effective quarantine procedures include establishing clear protocols for patient isolation, proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE), regular cleaning and disinfection of high-touch surfaces, and conducting regular health monitoring for quarantined patients. Hospitals should also have designated areas for quarantining symptomatic individuals and separate areas for asymptomatic contacts. Staff training on infection control and proper handling of medical waste is crucial. Additionally, communication with public health authorities ensures adherence to local and national guidelines and facilitates timely reporting of cases.",\n"answer2": "Households can implement best practices for maintaining quarantine measures by designating', 'refined_answers_json': '{"answer1": "Best practices for hospitals to ensure effective quarantine procedures include establishing clear protocols for patient isolation, proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE), regular cleaning and disinfection of high-touch surfaces, and conducting regular health monitoring for quarantined patients. Hospitals should also have designated areas for quarantining symptomatic individuals and separate areas for asymptomatic contacts. Staff training on infection control and proper handling of medical waste is crucial. Additionally, communication with public health authorities ensures adherence to local and national guidelines and facilitates timely reporting of cases."}', 'refined_text': 'Best practices for hospitals to ensure effective quarantine procedures include establishing clear protocols for patient isolation, proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE), regular cleaning and disinfection of high-touch surfaces, and conducting regular health monitoring for quarantined patients. Hospitals should also have designated areas for quarantining symptomatic individuals and separate areas for asymptomatic contacts. Staff training on infection control and proper handling of medical waste is crucial. Additionally, communication with public health authorities ensures adherence to local and national guidelines and facilitates timely reporting of cases.', 'prompts_used': {'subq': 'qa_expand.subq.v1', 'answer': 'qa_expand.answer.v1', 'refine': 'qa_expand.refine.v1'}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

