Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 264014):
Original:     how long is life cycle of flea
Reformulated: how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is li...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from several weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, climate, and species. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Flea eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks, and the larval stage lasts around 1-2 weeks. The pupal stage, which usually lasts 1-2 weeks, is followed by the emergence of adult fleas, which can live for several weeks to months, feeding on blood and reproducing to start the cycle again.', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from as little as 2 weeks to as long as 8 weeks, depending on factors such as temperature, humidity, and availability of food. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more if they have a host to feed on. Overall, the life cycle of a flea is relatively short, which allows them to quickly reproduce and infest new hosts.', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks but can range from a few weeks to several months, depending on environmental factors. Adult fleas can live for up to 2-3 months, during which they feed, mate, and lay eggs. Female fleas can lay up to 50 eggs per day, which hatch into larvae after 2-4 days. The larvae then develop into pupae, emerging as adult fleas 7-14 days later, starting the cycle anew.', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. Adult fleas can live for 2-3 months, during which they feed on host blood and reproduce, with females laying up to 50 eggs per day. The eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 days, and the larvae then spin a cocoon to enter the pupal stage, emerging as adult fleas after 1-2', "The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire life cycle typically lasts between 2-3 weeks, but it can range from 2 weeks to 8 months under various environmental conditions. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more if they have a host to feed on. The female flea can lay hundreds of eggs during her lifetime, which hatch into larvae after 2-4 days, further accelerating the flea population's growth. Understanding the flea life cycle is essential for effective flea control and management in both pets"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2647, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from several weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, climate, and species. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Flea eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks, and the larval stage lasts around 1-2 weeks. The pupal stage, which usually lasts 1-2 weeks, is followed by the emergence of adult fleas, which can live for several weeks to months, feeding on blood and reproducing to start the cycle again.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from as little as 2 weeks to as long as 8 weeks, depending on factors such as temperature, humidity, and availability of food. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more if they have a host to feed on. Overall, the life cycle of a flea is relatively short, which allows them to quickly reproduce and infest new hosts.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks but can range from a few weeks to several months, depending on environmental factors. Adult fleas can live for up to 2-3 months, during which they feed, mate, and lay eggs. Female fleas can lay up to 50 eggs per day, which hatch into larvae after 2-4 days. The larvae then develop into pupae, emerging as adult fleas 7-14 days later, starting the cycle anew.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. Adult fleas can live for 2-3 months, during which they feed on host blood and reproduce, with females laying up to 50 eggs per day. The eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 days, and the larvae then spin a cocoon to enter the pupal stage, emerging as adult fleas after 1-2', 'pseudo_doc_5': "The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire life cycle typically lasts between 2-3 weeks, but it can range from 2 weeks to 8 months under various environmental conditions. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more if they have a host to feed on. The female flea can lay hundreds of eggs during her lifetime, which hatch into larvae after 2-4 days, further accelerating the flea population's growth. Understanding the flea life cycle is essential for effective flea control and management in both pets"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 104861):
Original:     cost of interior concrete flooring
Reformulated: cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the finish chosen. On average, a basic concrete floor can cost between $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained floor can range from $4 to $15 per square foot. Additional costs may include preparation work, such as removing existing flooring, leveling the subfloor, and applying a sealant or coating, which can add $1 to $3 per square foot to the overall cost. Overall, the total cost of interior concrete flooring can range from $3 to $', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the size of the area, finish type, and location. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can range from $3 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs for underlayment, sealants, and labor can add $1 to $5 per square foot, depending on the complexity of the installation. Overall, for a typical residential project, homeowners can expect to pay between $3,000 to $15,000 or more for a professionally installed', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the finishes applied. On average, a basic concrete floor can cost between $2 and $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can range from $5 to $15 per square foot. Additional costs may include sealing, which can add $0.50 to $2 per square foot, and decorative elements such as scoring or engraving, which can add $1 to $5 per square foot. Overall, a professionally installed interior concrete floor can cost anywhere from $3,', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the location. On average, the cost of installing interior concrete flooring can range from $2 to $10 per square foot, with polished concrete being the most expensive option. Stained or dyed concrete floors typically cost between $3 to $7 per square foot, while basic concrete floors can cost between $2 to $5 per square foot. Additionally, costs associated with preparation, such as grinding or repairing the subfloor, can add another $1 to $3 per square foot to the overall cost.', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the type of finish chosen. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, factors such as the cost of labor, materials, and any necessary preparation work, like subfloor repair or leveling, can also impact the overall cost, which can range from $3,000 to $15,000 or more for a typical residential project.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 34, 'docs_len': 2985, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the finish chosen. On average, a basic concrete floor can cost between $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained floor can range from $4 to $15 per square foot. Additional costs may include preparation work, such as removing existing flooring, leveling the subfloor, and applying a sealant or coating, which can add $1 to $3 per square foot to the overall cost. Overall, the total cost of interior concrete flooring can range from $3 to $', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the size of the area, finish type, and location. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can range from $3 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs for underlayment, sealants, and labor can add $1 to $5 per square foot, depending on the complexity of the installation. Overall, for a typical residential project, homeowners can expect to pay between $3,000 to $15,000 or more for a professionally installed', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the finishes applied. On average, a basic concrete floor can cost between $2 and $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can range from $5 to $15 per square foot. Additional costs may include sealing, which can add $0.50 to $2 per square foot, and decorative elements such as scoring or engraving, which can add $1 to $5 per square foot. Overall, a professionally installed interior concrete floor can cost anywhere from $3,', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the location. On average, the cost of installing interior concrete flooring can range from $2 to $10 per square foot, with polished concrete being the most expensive option. Stained or dyed concrete floors typically cost between $3 to $7 per square foot, while basic concrete floors can cost between $2 to $5 per square foot. Additionally, costs associated with preparation, such as grinding or repairing the subfloor, can add another $1 to $3 per square foot to the overall cost.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the type of finish chosen. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, factors such as the cost of labor, materials, and any necessary preparation work, like subfloor repair or leveling, can also impact the overall cost, which can range from $3,000 to $15,000 or more for a typical residential project.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 130510):
Original:     definition declaratory judgment
Reformulated: definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definiti...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["A declaratory judgment is a legal ruling made by a court that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment is typically sought when a party wants to clarify or establish the interpretation of a law, contract, or other legal issue, often to prevent future disputes or to provide certainty in a uncertain situation. Declaratory judgments are usually pursued in civil cases and can be an effective way to resolve controversies without the need for further litigation, as they provide a clear and binding determination of the parties' rights and obligations.", 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without awarding damages or ordering specific actions. It is a type of legal remedy that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular situation, often sought by individuals or organizations seeking clarity on their legal position or to prevent future disputes. By issuing a declaratory judgment, the court essentially declares what the law is in a given case, providing a definitive answer to a legal question and resolving uncertainty, thereby allowing the parties to move forward with confidence.', 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding declaration of the law as it applies to a particular situation, allowing parties to clarify their legal positions and avoid potential future conflicts. Typically sought in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity regarding the interpretation of a law, contract, or agreement, declaratory judgments offer a proactive approach to resolving disputes, enabling parties to obtain clarity and certainty on their legal rights and duties.', 'A declaratory judgment is a judicial ruling that interprets and declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without imposing any immediate enforcement or execution. It provides a binding determination of the legal issues at hand, offering clarity and certainty to the parties, and can be particularly useful in situations where a party seeks to establish their rights or avoid potential litigation. By obtaining a declaratory judgment, individuals or entities can resolve disputes, prevent future lawsuits, and gain a clearer understanding of their legal positions, all while avoiding the costs and uncertainties associated with full-scale litigation.', "A declaratory judgment is a legal ruling by a court that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action or remedy. It is a type of civil lawsuit that seeks a court's interpretation of a law or contract, providing clarity on the legal position of the parties. This type of judgment is often sought in situations where there is uncertainty or disagreement about the meaning or application of a law, and a court's declaration can help to resolve the issue and prevent future litigation. By providing a clear and binding statement of the law, a declaratory judgment can bring certainty and finality to a dispute, allowing"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 3280, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "A declaratory judgment is a legal ruling made by a court that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment is typically sought when a party wants to clarify or establish the interpretation of a law, contract, or other legal issue, often to prevent future disputes or to provide certainty in a uncertain situation. Declaratory judgments are usually pursued in civil cases and can be an effective way to resolve controversies without the need for further litigation, as they provide a clear and binding determination of the parties' rights and obligations.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without awarding damages or ordering specific actions. It is a type of legal remedy that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular situation, often sought by individuals or organizations seeking clarity on their legal position or to prevent future disputes. By issuing a declaratory judgment, the court essentially declares what the law is in a given case, providing a definitive answer to a legal question and resolving uncertainty, thereby allowing the parties to move forward with confidence.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding declaration of the law as it applies to a particular situation, allowing parties to clarify their legal positions and avoid potential future conflicts. Typically sought in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity regarding the interpretation of a law, contract, or agreement, declaratory judgments offer a proactive approach to resolving disputes, enabling parties to obtain clarity and certainty on their legal rights and duties.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A declaratory judgment is a judicial ruling that interprets and declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without imposing any immediate enforcement or execution. It provides a binding determination of the legal issues at hand, offering clarity and certainty to the parties, and can be particularly useful in situations where a party seeks to establish their rights or avoid potential litigation. By obtaining a declaratory judgment, individuals or entities can resolve disputes, prevent future lawsuits, and gain a clearer understanding of their legal positions, all while avoiding the costs and uncertainties associated with full-scale litigation.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "A declaratory judgment is a legal ruling by a court that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action or remedy. It is a type of civil lawsuit that seeks a court's interpretation of a law or contract, providing clarity on the legal position of the parties. This type of judgment is often sought in situations where there is uncertainty or disagreement about the meaning or application of a law, and a court's declaration can help to resolve the issue and prevent future litigation. By providing a clear and binding statement of the law, a declaratory judgment can bring certainty and finality to a dispute, allowing"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1114819):
Original:     what is durable medical equipment consist of
Reformulated: what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical devices that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be used for an extended period, typically three years or more. Examples of DME include hospital beds, wheelchairs, walkers, oxygen tanks, and glucometers. These devices are used to treat, diagnose, or prevent a medical condition and are often prescribed by a healthcare professional. DME can be used in various settings, including hospitals, clinics, and patients' homes, and are typically covered by insurance providers. Overall, DME plays a crucial role in providing medical care and support to patients with chronic conditions or disabilities", "Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of devices and supplies that are designed to be reusable and provide long-term support for patients with medical needs. Examples include wheelchairs, walkers, and hospital beds, as well as oxygen tanks, ventilators, and dialysis machines. Additionally, DME can also encompass bathroom safety equipment, such as grab bars and shower chairs, and mobility aids like canes, crutches, and scooters. These items are typically prescribed by a healthcare provider and are intended to improve a patient's quality of life, increase independence, and facilitate recovery or management of a medical condition.", 'Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of medical devices that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be used in various healthcare settings, including homes, hospitals, and clinics. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and respiratory therapy equipment, such as ventilators and CPAP machines. Additionally, DME also encompasses items like prosthetic limbs, orthotics, bath safety equipment, and mobility aids, such as canes, crutches, and power scooters. These devices are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional to aid patients with medical conditions, injuries, or disabilities, and are often', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of medical devices and tools designed to provide therapeutic benefits and assist individuals with daily living activities. These items are typically durable, meaning they can withstand repeated use and are not disposable. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, respiratory equipment, prosthetic devices, and mobility aids such as canes and crutches. Additionally, DME can also encompass items like bathroom safety equipment, such as shower chairs and grab bars, and home care equipment, including lifts and ramps. These devices are often prescribed by healthcare professionals to help patients recover from', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use and provide long-term assistance to individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, canes, crutches, oxygen tanks, ventilators, and mobility scooters. These equipment items are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional and are essential for managing chronic conditions, recovering from injuries or surgeries, or improving overall mobility and independence. DME can be used in various settings, such as homes, hospitals, or rehabilitation centers, and are often covered by medical insurance plans, enabling individuals to access the necessary'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 3379, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical devices that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be used for an extended period, typically three years or more. Examples of DME include hospital beds, wheelchairs, walkers, oxygen tanks, and glucometers. These devices are used to treat, diagnose, or prevent a medical condition and are often prescribed by a healthcare professional. DME can be used in various settings, including hospitals, clinics, and patients' homes, and are typically covered by insurance providers. Overall, DME plays a crucial role in providing medical care and support to patients with chronic conditions or disabilities", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of devices and supplies that are designed to be reusable and provide long-term support for patients with medical needs. Examples include wheelchairs, walkers, and hospital beds, as well as oxygen tanks, ventilators, and dialysis machines. Additionally, DME can also encompass bathroom safety equipment, such as grab bars and shower chairs, and mobility aids like canes, crutches, and scooters. These items are typically prescribed by a healthcare provider and are intended to improve a patient's quality of life, increase independence, and facilitate recovery or management of a medical condition.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of medical devices that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be used in various healthcare settings, including homes, hospitals, and clinics. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and respiratory therapy equipment, such as ventilators and CPAP machines. Additionally, DME also encompasses items like prosthetic limbs, orthotics, bath safety equipment, and mobility aids, such as canes, crutches, and power scooters. These devices are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional to aid patients with medical conditions, injuries, or disabilities, and are often', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of medical devices and tools designed to provide therapeutic benefits and assist individuals with daily living activities. These items are typically durable, meaning they can withstand repeated use and are not disposable. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, respiratory equipment, prosthetic devices, and mobility aids such as canes and crutches. Additionally, DME can also encompass items like bathroom safety equipment, such as shower chairs and grab bars, and home care equipment, including lifts and ramps. These devices are often prescribed by healthcare professionals to help patients recover from', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use and provide long-term assistance to individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, canes, crutches, oxygen tanks, ventilators, and mobility scooters. These equipment items are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional and are essential for managing chronic conditions, recovering from injuries or surgeries, or improving overall mobility and independence. DME can be used in various settings, such as homes, hospitals, or rehabilitation centers, and are often covered by medical insurance plans, enabling individuals to access the necessary'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1110199):
Original:     what is wifi vs bluetooth
Reformulated: what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for different purposes. Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range communication between devices, such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones, enabling wireless connectivity and file transfer. While Wi-Fi requires a router and internet connection, Bluetooth operates independently, using device-to-device communication. Understanding the differences between Wi-Fi and Bluetooth can help individuals choose the best option for their specific needs, whether it's streaming videos online or wirelessly connecting headphones", 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies that enable devices to connect and communicate with each other. The primary difference between them lies in their purpose and range. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that allows devices to connect to the internet or a local network, providing high-speed internet access over longer distances, typically up to 150 feet. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device communication, allowing devices such as headphones, speakers, and keyboards to connect to each other over shorter distances, usually up to 30 feet. While WiFi is ideal for internet browsing and streaming, Bluetooth is suited for low-power', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two distinct wireless technologies used for transmitting data between devices. The primary difference between them lies in their purpose, range, and functionality. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances, typically up to 150 feet indoors. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range communication, usually up to 30 feet, enabling devices such as headphones, speakers, and keyboards to connect to a primary device like a smartphone or computer. While WiFi is suited for internet browsing and large data transfers, Bluetooth is ideal for device', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, enabling internet access, file sharing, and online communication over a wide range of distances, typically up to several hundred feet. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device connections, allowing for the transfer of data, such as audio, files, or commands, between two devices in close proximity, usually within a range of up to 30 feet. While WiFi is commonly used for internet browsing and online activities,', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for different purposes. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band, typically 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz, and is commonly used for internet browsing, online streaming, and file sharing. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device connectivity, enabling the transfer of data between devices such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones over short distances, typically up to 30 feet. While WiFi provides a wider range and faster'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 24, 'query_len': 25, 'docs_len': 3639, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for different purposes. Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range communication between devices, such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones, enabling wireless connectivity and file transfer. While Wi-Fi requires a router and internet connection, Bluetooth operates independently, using device-to-device communication. Understanding the differences between Wi-Fi and Bluetooth can help individuals choose the best option for their specific needs, whether it's streaming videos online or wirelessly connecting headphones", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies that enable devices to connect and communicate with each other. The primary difference between them lies in their purpose and range. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that allows devices to connect to the internet or a local network, providing high-speed internet access over longer distances, typically up to 150 feet. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device communication, allowing devices such as headphones, speakers, and keyboards to connect to each other over shorter distances, usually up to 30 feet. While WiFi is ideal for internet browsing and streaming, Bluetooth is suited for low-power', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two distinct wireless technologies used for transmitting data between devices. The primary difference between them lies in their purpose, range, and functionality. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances, typically up to 150 feet indoors. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range communication, usually up to 30 feet, enabling devices such as headphones, speakers, and keyboards to connect to a primary device like a smartphone or computer. While WiFi is suited for internet browsing and large data transfers, Bluetooth is ideal for device', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, enabling internet access, file sharing, and online communication over a wide range of distances, typically up to several hundred feet. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device connections, allowing for the transfer of data, such as audio, files, or commands, between two devices in close proximity, usually within a range of up to 30 feet. While WiFi is commonly used for internet browsing and online activities,', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for different purposes. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band, typically 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz, and is commonly used for internet browsing, online streaming, and file sharing. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device connectivity, enabling the transfer of data between devices such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones over short distances, typically up to 30 feet. While WiFi provides a wider range and faster'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1129237):
Original:     hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature
Reformulated: hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid bel...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when it is cooled to a temperature below -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the weak intermolecular forces between hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state. Liquefied hydrogen has various applications, including as a potential fuel source and in industrial processes, due to its high energy density and clean-burning properties.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can be liquefied when cooled to extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of approximately -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the weak intermolecular forces between hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state. Achieving such low temperatures requires advanced cooling techniques, making liquid hydrogen a valuable and highly controlled substance in various industrial and scientific applications.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of approximately -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.82 degrees Fahrenheit at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the motion of the hydrogen molecules enough for them to come together and form a liquid state. Liquefying hydrogen is a complex and energy-intensive process, often requiring advanced cooling technologies and equipment. Despite the challenges, liquid hydrogen has various applications, including as a potential fuel source for vehicles and power generation.', 'Hydrogen is a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary for hydrogen to transition from its gaseous state to a liquid, requiring specialized equipment and conditions for storage and handling.', 'Hydrogen is a highly versatile and abundant element that exists in various states under different conditions. At standard atmospheric pressure, hydrogen is a gas, but it can be liquefied when cooled to extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of 20.28 Kelvin, or -252.87 degrees Celsius, or -422.97 degrees Fahrenheit. This extremely low temperature requirement makes liquid hydrogen a challenging substance to produce and store, but it has numerous applications in fields such as aerospace and chemical research.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 2753, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when it is cooled to a temperature below -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the weak intermolecular forces between hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state. Liquefied hydrogen has various applications, including as a potential fuel source and in industrial processes, due to its high energy density and clean-burning properties.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can be liquefied when cooled to extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of approximately -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the weak intermolecular forces between hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state. Achieving such low temperatures requires advanced cooling techniques, making liquid hydrogen a valuable and highly controlled substance in various industrial and scientific applications.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of approximately -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.82 degrees Fahrenheit at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the motion of the hydrogen molecules enough for them to come together and form a liquid state. Liquefying hydrogen is a complex and energy-intensive process, often requiring advanced cooling technologies and equipment. Despite the challenges, liquid hydrogen has various applications, including as a potential fuel source for vehicles and power generation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hydrogen is a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary for hydrogen to transition from its gaseous state to a liquid, requiring specialized equipment and conditions for storage and handling.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hydrogen is a highly versatile and abundant element that exists in various states under different conditions. At standard atmospheric pressure, hydrogen is a gas, but it can be liquefied when cooled to extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of 20.28 Kelvin, or -252.87 degrees Celsius, or -422.97 degrees Fahrenheit. This extremely low temperature requirement makes liquid hydrogen a challenging substance to produce and store, but it has numerous applications in fields such as aerospace and chemical research.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 573724):
Original:     what are the social determinants of health
Reformulated: what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and environmental conditions, among others. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds may face limited access to healthy food options, clean water, and healthcare services, while those with higher education levels tend to have better job opportunities, leading to improved health outcomes. Additionally, factors such as social isolation, community violence, and discrimination can also negatively impact mental and physical health. Understanding and addressing these social determinants is crucial for developing effective public health policies", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants encompass a wide range of social and economic conditions, including socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare. Additionally, factors such as food security, social support networks, and exposure to violence or discrimination also play a significant role. The World Health Organization (WHO) emphasizes that these social determinants can have a profound impact on health outcomes, as they often shape an individual's ability to adopt healthy behaviors, manage stress, and access essential resources. By addressing these social determinants", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that shape an individual's health outcomes and quality of life. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as the social and environmental conditions in which people live, work, and play. For example, individuals with lower socioeconomic status may face barriers to healthy food, safe housing, and healthcare, increasing their risk of chronic diseases and poor health outcomes. Conversely, those with higher socioeconomic status tend to have better access to resources, social support, and healthcare, leading to improved health and wellbeing. Understanding the social determinants of health", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants encompass a wide range of social and economic conditions, including education, employment, housing, income, and access to healthcare. Other key factors include social support networks, community resources, and environmental conditions, such as air and water quality. Additionally, aspects like food security, transportation, and socioeconomic status also play a significant role in shaping health outcomes. By addressing these social determinants, individuals, communities, and policymakers can work towards reducing health disparities and promoting equitable access to opportunities that support optimal health and", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall health and wellbeing. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare services. Additionally, factors such as social support, cultural background, and exposure to discrimination or violence also play a crucial role in shaping health outcomes. The World Health Organization (WHO) identifies these social determinants as the root causes of health inequities, emphasizing that addressing them is essential to achieving health equity and improving population health. By understanding and addressing these determinants, policymakers and healthcare providers can develop targeted interventions to promote health,"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 15, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 3815, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and environmental conditions, among others. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds may face limited access to healthy food options, clean water, and healthcare services, while those with higher education levels tend to have better job opportunities, leading to improved health outcomes. Additionally, factors such as social isolation, community violence, and discrimination can also negatively impact mental and physical health. Understanding and addressing these social determinants is crucial for developing effective public health policies", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants encompass a wide range of social and economic conditions, including socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare. Additionally, factors such as food security, social support networks, and exposure to violence or discrimination also play a significant role. The World Health Organization (WHO) emphasizes that these social determinants can have a profound impact on health outcomes, as they often shape an individual's ability to adopt healthy behaviors, manage stress, and access essential resources. By addressing these social determinants", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that shape an individual's health outcomes and quality of life. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as the social and environmental conditions in which people live, work, and play. For example, individuals with lower socioeconomic status may face barriers to healthy food, safe housing, and healthcare, increasing their risk of chronic diseases and poor health outcomes. Conversely, those with higher socioeconomic status tend to have better access to resources, social support, and healthcare, leading to improved health and wellbeing. Understanding the social determinants of health", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants encompass a wide range of social and economic conditions, including education, employment, housing, income, and access to healthcare. Other key factors include social support networks, community resources, and environmental conditions, such as air and water quality. Additionally, aspects like food security, transportation, and socioeconomic status also play a significant role in shaping health outcomes. By addressing these social determinants, individuals, communities, and policymakers can work towards reducing health disparities and promoting equitable access to opportunities that support optimal health and", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall health and wellbeing. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare services. Additionally, factors such as social support, cultural background, and exposure to discrimination or violence also play a crucial role in shaping health outcomes. The World Health Organization (WHO) identifies these social determinants as the root causes of health inequities, emphasizing that addressing them is essential to achieving health equity and improving population health. By understanding and addressing these determinants, policymakers and healthcare providers can develop targeted interventions to promote health,"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1121709):
Original:     what are the three percenters?
Reformulated: what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the t...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loosely organized, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" originates from the claim that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group of individuals can effect significant change. The movement emerged in 2008 and is characterized by its strong stance against government overreach, gun control, and perceived infringements on individual rights. While the group\'s ideology is rooted in patriotism and a desire to protect the Second Amendment, it has been associated', 'The Three Percenters are a loose network of anti-government, pro-gun activists who claim to represent the three percent of American colonists who allegedly took up arms against the British during the American Revolution. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a belief that the US government has overstepped its constitutional authority and that citizens have a right to armed resistance against perceived tyranny. While the group\'s exact origins and structure are unclear, its followers often identify themselves through symbolism, such as the use of the Roman numeral "III" and patriotic imagery, and have been known to participate in protests, rallies, and online forums to promote their cause and recruit like', 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a right-wing, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the belief that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group of individuals can effect significant change. Emerging in 2008, the movement is characterized by its opposition to government overreach, gun control, and perceived tyranny, often using symbols and rhetoric associated with the American patriots of the Revolutionary era. Members, who are estimated to be in the tens of thousands', "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loosely organized, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The group's name is derived from the claim that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated minority can effect significant change. The Three Percenters' ideology is typically characterized by a strong belief in individual liberty, limited government, and the right to bear arms, with many members expressing dissent towards what they perceive as government overreach and tyranny. While the movement is decentralized and lacks a unified leadership, its adherents", 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the mythical idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution. Today, the group\'s ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiments, advocating for limited government intervention and individual freedom. They often associate themselves with the patriot movement, emphasizing the right to bear arms and resistance against perceived government overreach. While the group\'s size and structure are unclear, their presence is notable in various online forums and at public rallies, where they'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3410, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loosely organized, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" originates from the claim that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group of individuals can effect significant change. The movement emerged in 2008 and is characterized by its strong stance against government overreach, gun control, and perceived infringements on individual rights. While the group\'s ideology is rooted in patriotism and a desire to protect the Second Amendment, it has been associated', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The Three Percenters are a loose network of anti-government, pro-gun activists who claim to represent the three percent of American colonists who allegedly took up arms against the British during the American Revolution. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a belief that the US government has overstepped its constitutional authority and that citizens have a right to armed resistance against perceived tyranny. While the group\'s exact origins and structure are unclear, its followers often identify themselves through symbolism, such as the use of the Roman numeral "III" and patriotic imagery, and have been known to participate in protests, rallies, and online forums to promote their cause and recruit like', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a right-wing, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the belief that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group of individuals can effect significant change. Emerging in 2008, the movement is characterized by its opposition to government overreach, gun control, and perceived tyranny, often using symbols and rhetoric associated with the American patriots of the Revolutionary era. Members, who are estimated to be in the tens of thousands', 'pseudo_doc_4': "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loosely organized, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The group's name is derived from the claim that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated minority can effect significant change. The Three Percenters' ideology is typically characterized by a strong belief in individual liberty, limited government, and the right to bear arms, with many members expressing dissent towards what they perceive as government overreach and tyranny. While the movement is decentralized and lacks a unified leadership, its adherents", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the mythical idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution. Today, the group\'s ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiments, advocating for limited government intervention and individual freedom. They often associate themselves with the patriot movement, emphasizing the right to bear arms and resistance against perceived government overreach. While the group\'s size and structure are unclear, their presence is notable in various online forums and at public rallies, where they'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 489204):
Original:     right pelvic pain causes
Reformulated: right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, and kidney stones. Musculoskeletal issues such as strained muscles or ligaments in the pelvic area can also contribute to right pelvic pain. Additionally, gastrointestinal problems like constipation, irritable bowel syndrome, and inflammatory bowel disease may lead to discomfort in the right pelvic region. In some cases, right pelvic pain can be a symptom of more serious conditions like endometriosis or uterine fibroids, making it essential', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including musculoskeletal issues such as strained or pulled muscles in the lower back or pelvic region. Other potential causes include reproductive issues in women, such as ovarian cysts, endometriosis, or ectopic pregnancies, and gastrointestinal problems like appendicitis or inflammatory bowel disease. In some cases, right pelvic pain may also be related to urinary tract issues, including kidney stones or infections. In rare instances, it can be a symptom of more serious conditions, such as a herniated disk, a tumor, or a nerve compression. A thorough medical evaluation is essential to determine', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, and ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs on the ovaries. Other possible causes include kidney stones, diverticulitis, and ectopic pregnancy. In some cases, right pelvic pain may be a symptom of a gastrointestinal issue, such as constipation or irritable bowel syndrome. Additionally, musculoskeletal problems, like a strained muscle or tendon, can also cause right pelvic pain. In women, conditions like endometriosis, where tissue similar to the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs that form on the ovaries, and ectopic pregnancy, a condition where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus. Additionally, kidney stones, constipation, and diverticulitis, an inflammation of the digestive tract, can also lead to pelvic pain on the right side. In some cases, right pelvic pain may be a symptom of a more serious condition, such as endometriosis or a hern', 'Right pelvic pain can stem from various sources, including musculoskeletal issues such as strained muscles or tendons, and reproductive system disorders like ovarian cysts or endometriosis in women. Additionally, intestinal problems like appendicitis or inflammatory bowel disease can cause right pelvic pain, as can urinary tract issues such as kidney stones or infections. In some cases, the pain may be referred from other areas, such as the lower back or hip, due to nerve compression or herniated discs. Accurate diagnosis by a healthcare professional is crucial to determine the underlying cause and develop an effective treatment plan.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 22, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 3204, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, and kidney stones. Musculoskeletal issues such as strained muscles or ligaments in the pelvic area can also contribute to right pelvic pain. Additionally, gastrointestinal problems like constipation, irritable bowel syndrome, and inflammatory bowel disease may lead to discomfort in the right pelvic region. In some cases, right pelvic pain can be a symptom of more serious conditions like endometriosis or uterine fibroids, making it essential', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including musculoskeletal issues such as strained or pulled muscles in the lower back or pelvic region. Other potential causes include reproductive issues in women, such as ovarian cysts, endometriosis, or ectopic pregnancies, and gastrointestinal problems like appendicitis or inflammatory bowel disease. In some cases, right pelvic pain may also be related to urinary tract issues, including kidney stones or infections. In rare instances, it can be a symptom of more serious conditions, such as a herniated disk, a tumor, or a nerve compression. A thorough medical evaluation is essential to determine', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, and ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs on the ovaries. Other possible causes include kidney stones, diverticulitis, and ectopic pregnancy. In some cases, right pelvic pain may be a symptom of a gastrointestinal issue, such as constipation or irritable bowel syndrome. Additionally, musculoskeletal problems, like a strained muscle or tendon, can also cause right pelvic pain. In women, conditions like endometriosis, where tissue similar to the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs that form on the ovaries, and ectopic pregnancy, a condition where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus. Additionally, kidney stones, constipation, and diverticulitis, an inflammation of the digestive tract, can also lead to pelvic pain on the right side. In some cases, right pelvic pain may be a symptom of a more serious condition, such as endometriosis or a hern', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Right pelvic pain can stem from various sources, including musculoskeletal issues such as strained muscles or tendons, and reproductive system disorders like ovarian cysts or endometriosis in women. Additionally, intestinal problems like appendicitis or inflammatory bowel disease can cause right pelvic pain, as can urinary tract issues such as kidney stones or infections. In some cases, the pain may be referred from other areas, such as the lower back or hip, due to nerve compression or herniated discs. Accurate diagnosis by a healthcare professional is crucial to determine the underlying cause and develop an effective treatment plan.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 131843):
Original:     definition of a sigmet
Reformulated: definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by forecasters to alert pilots and aviation interests of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and other phenomena that could impact the safety of flight operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'A SIGMET, also known as a Significant Meteorological Information message, is a warning issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. Specifically, SIGMETs are issued when there are significant weather phenomena such as severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, or volcanic ash that may affect the safety of aircraft operations. These warnings are usually broadcast over radio and are also available through various online platforms, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of significant weather conditions that may impact the safety of flight operations. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other hazardous weather phenomena that can pose a threat to aviation safety. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and are valid for a limited period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and other weather phenomena that could impact the safety of flight operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation. By warning of significant weather hazards, SIGMETs play a crucial role in ensuring the safety of aircraft and their occupants.', 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a warning issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. These warnings typically cover a broad area and are issued when forecasters predict the presence of severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, or other weather phenomena that could pose a threat to aircraft operations. SIGMETs provide critical information to help pilots and air traffic controllers make informed decisions about flight planning and execution, ensuring safe navigation through potentially hazardous weather conditions.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 23, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 3097, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by forecasters to alert pilots and aviation interests of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and other phenomena that could impact the safety of flight operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A SIGMET, also known as a Significant Meteorological Information message, is a warning issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. Specifically, SIGMETs are issued when there are significant weather phenomena such as severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, or volcanic ash that may affect the safety of aircraft operations. These warnings are usually broadcast over radio and are also available through various online platforms, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of significant weather conditions that may impact the safety of flight operations. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other hazardous weather phenomena that can pose a threat to aviation safety. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and are valid for a limited period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and other weather phenomena that could impact the safety of flight operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation. By warning of significant weather hazards, SIGMETs play a crucial role in ensuring the safety of aircraft and their occupants.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a warning issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. These warnings typically cover a broad area and are issued when forecasters predict the presence of severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, or other weather phenomena that could pose a threat to aircraft operations. SIGMETs provide critical information to help pilots and air traffic controllers make informed decisions about flight planning and execution, ensuring safe navigation through potentially hazardous weather conditions.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

