Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 264014):
Original:     how long is life cycle of flea
Reformulated: how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is li...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days, though it can extend up to several months depending on environmental conditions. This cycle includes four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches of 20-50 by an adult female, primarily in areas where the host animal rests or sleeps. Larvae hatch from eggs after 5 to 15 days and feed on organic debris, including flea feces. The larval stage lasts for about 5 to 11 days before the fleas enter the pupal stage, cocooned and', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult female fleas and hatch into larvae within 5 to 11 days. Larvae then develop into pupae, which can remain in this stage for up to several months, depending on environmental factors. Once mature, adult fleas emerge from the pupae and seek a blood meal to begin the cycle again.', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult female fleas and typically take 1-2 days to hatch. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in dark, protected environments for about 5 to 11 days before spinning cocoons. In these cocoons, fleas enter the pupal stage, which can last from several days to over a year depending on environmental conditions. Once fully developed, adult fleas emerge from the pupae and begin searching for a blood meal to survive and reproduce. The entire life cycle can range from as', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches by adult fleas, often in pet bedding or grass, taking about 2 to 5 days to hatch into larvae. Larvae then develop over 5 to 11 days before entering the pupal stage, which can last from several days to over a year depending on environmental factors. Once mature, adult fleas emerge from the pupae to begin the cycle again.', "The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. This cycle includes four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult fleas in the host's environment and hatch into larvae within 5 to 10 days. Larvae then develop into pupae, which transform into adults within 5 to 21 days. Fully developed adult fleas emerge from the pupal stage and seek a blood meal from a host to begin the cycle anew."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2447, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days, though it can extend up to several months depending on environmental conditions. This cycle includes four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches of 20-50 by an adult female, primarily in areas where the host animal rests or sleeps. Larvae hatch from eggs after 5 to 15 days and feed on organic debris, including flea feces. The larval stage lasts for about 5 to 11 days before the fleas enter the pupal stage, cocooned and', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult female fleas and hatch into larvae within 5 to 11 days. Larvae then develop into pupae, which can remain in this stage for up to several months, depending on environmental factors. Once mature, adult fleas emerge from the pupae and seek a blood meal to begin the cycle again.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult female fleas and typically take 1-2 days to hatch. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in dark, protected environments for about 5 to 11 days before spinning cocoons. In these cocoons, fleas enter the pupal stage, which can last from several days to over a year depending on environmental conditions. Once fully developed, adult fleas emerge from the pupae and begin searching for a blood meal to survive and reproduce. The entire life cycle can range from as', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches by adult fleas, often in pet bedding or grass, taking about 2 to 5 days to hatch into larvae. Larvae then develop over 5 to 11 days before entering the pupal stage, which can last from several days to over a year depending on environmental factors. Once mature, adult fleas emerge from the pupae to begin the cycle again.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. This cycle includes four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult fleas in the host's environment and hatch into larvae within 5 to 10 days. Larvae then develop into pupae, which transform into adults within 5 to 21 days. Fully developed adult fleas emerge from the pupal stage and seek a blood meal from a host to begin the cycle anew."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 104861):
Original:     cost of interior concrete flooring
Reformulated: cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly depending on several factors. Typically, the base cost per square foot ranges from $2 to $8, but this can increase with additional features such as polishing, coloring, or the inclusion of anti-fatigue additives. Professional labor, material quality, and any special treatments can drive up the overall cost, potentially reaching up to $15 per square foot or more for premium finishes. Additionally, the type of surface preparation, the need for drainage systems, and local market conditions also influence the final expense.', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the quality of materials, thickness of the slab, labor costs, and any additional finishes or sealants applied. On average, interior concrete flooring can range from $3 to $10 per square foot for basic installations, while more elaborate designs with polished finishes or integrations like colored aggregates can cost between $8 to $25 per square foot. Additionally, site conditions and the need for specialized work, such as moisture control, may increase the overall cost.', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the size of the area, the quality of materials used, and the complexity of the design. Generally, the cost per square foot ranges from $2 to $10, with polished or stained concrete floors potentially costing more due to additional finishing processes. Professional installation also adds to the overall expense, typically ranging between $4 to $8 per square foot. Factors such as labor costs, material quality, and regional pricing can significantly influence the final cost.', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors including the type of concrete used, surface preparation, finishing techniques, and any additional materials or finishes. Typically, the base cost ranges from $2 to $8 per square foot for a basic poured concrete floor, but this can increase significantly with decorative options like acid staining or epoxy coatings, which may add up to $15 or more per square foot. Labor costs, ranging from $1 to $3 per square foot, also contribute to the overall expense. Additionally, factors such as the condition of the existing floor, the need for moisture control treatments, and the complexity of the project', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the size of the area, the quality of materials used, and the complexity of the design. Typically, the cost ranges from $3 to $8 per square foot for basic polished concrete, while more decorative finishes can increase this to $10 to $20 per square foot or more. Labor costs also play a significant role, with installation fees ranging from $1.50 to $4 per square foot. Additional expenses such as sealing and protective coatings can add another $1 to $3 per square foot. Overall, the total cost for interior concrete flooring can range'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 34, 'docs_len': 2992, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly depending on several factors. Typically, the base cost per square foot ranges from $2 to $8, but this can increase with additional features such as polishing, coloring, or the inclusion of anti-fatigue additives. Professional labor, material quality, and any special treatments can drive up the overall cost, potentially reaching up to $15 per square foot or more for premium finishes. Additionally, the type of surface preparation, the need for drainage systems, and local market conditions also influence the final expense.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the quality of materials, thickness of the slab, labor costs, and any additional finishes or sealants applied. On average, interior concrete flooring can range from $3 to $10 per square foot for basic installations, while more elaborate designs with polished finishes or integrations like colored aggregates can cost between $8 to $25 per square foot. Additionally, site conditions and the need for specialized work, such as moisture control, may increase the overall cost.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the size of the area, the quality of materials used, and the complexity of the design. Generally, the cost per square foot ranges from $2 to $10, with polished or stained concrete floors potentially costing more due to additional finishing processes. Professional installation also adds to the overall expense, typically ranging between $4 to $8 per square foot. Factors such as labor costs, material quality, and regional pricing can significantly influence the final cost.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors including the type of concrete used, surface preparation, finishing techniques, and any additional materials or finishes. Typically, the base cost ranges from $2 to $8 per square foot for a basic poured concrete floor, but this can increase significantly with decorative options like acid staining or epoxy coatings, which may add up to $15 or more per square foot. Labor costs, ranging from $1 to $3 per square foot, also contribute to the overall expense. Additionally, factors such as the condition of the existing floor, the need for moisture control treatments, and the complexity of the project', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the size of the area, the quality of materials used, and the complexity of the design. Typically, the cost ranges from $3 to $8 per square foot for basic polished concrete, while more decorative finishes can increase this to $10 to $20 per square foot or more. Labor costs also play a significant role, with installation fees ranging from $1.50 to $4 per square foot. Additional expenses such as sealing and protective coatings can add another $1 to $3 per square foot. Overall, the total cost for interior concrete flooring can range'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 130510):
Original:     definition declaratory judgment
Reformulated: definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definiti...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to settle an actual controversy between parties regarding their rights, status, or obligations without ordering any party to do or refrain from doing anything. This type of judgment clarifies the meaning of ambiguous laws, treaties, or contracts, providing certainty and avoiding potential disputes in the future. It is typically sought when there is uncertainty about the application of existing laws or agreements, and a definitive interpretation is needed to guide future actions.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to make a formal determination or interpretation of the rights, duties, and obligations of parties involved in a dispute. Unlike other types of judgments that impose obligations or sanctions, a declaratory judgment simply clarifies the legal position of the parties. This type of judgment is particularly useful for resolving ambiguities in contracts, determining the validity of laws, or clarifying the legal status of certain actions or relationships without requiring further enforcement measures.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy in which a court formally interprets or declares the rights, duties, or status of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or providing a remedy. This type of judgment clarifies legal uncertainties and allows the parties to know their legal rights and obligations, thereby preventing future disputes or guiding them towards a resolution without the need for further litigation.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy in which a court determines the rights, duties, or obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment clarifies legal relationships or interpretations of laws, contracts, or constitutional provisions. It is often used to settle uncertainties and provide guidance for future actions, without resolving any actual controversy or awarding damages. Declaratory judgments are particularly useful in situations where one party seeks to clarify their legal position before taking further action or to prevent potential disputes.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to settle and declare the rights, duties, or status of parties without ordering any enforcement or damages. It is primarily used to provide clarity and certainty regarding the interpretation of laws, contracts, or constitutional issues. By issuing a declaratory judgment, the court clarifies what the law means or how it applies in a particular situation, thus helping parties avoid potential disputes and misunderstandings.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 2662, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to settle an actual controversy between parties regarding their rights, status, or obligations without ordering any party to do or refrain from doing anything. This type of judgment clarifies the meaning of ambiguous laws, treaties, or contracts, providing certainty and avoiding potential disputes in the future. It is typically sought when there is uncertainty about the application of existing laws or agreements, and a definitive interpretation is needed to guide future actions.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to make a formal determination or interpretation of the rights, duties, and obligations of parties involved in a dispute. Unlike other types of judgments that impose obligations or sanctions, a declaratory judgment simply clarifies the legal position of the parties. This type of judgment is particularly useful for resolving ambiguities in contracts, determining the validity of laws, or clarifying the legal status of certain actions or relationships without requiring further enforcement measures.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy in which a court formally interprets or declares the rights, duties, or status of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or providing a remedy. This type of judgment clarifies legal uncertainties and allows the parties to know their legal rights and obligations, thereby preventing future disputes or guiding them towards a resolution without the need for further litigation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy in which a court determines the rights, duties, or obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment clarifies legal relationships or interpretations of laws, contracts, or constitutional provisions. It is often used to settle uncertainties and provide guidance for future actions, without resolving any actual controversy or awarding damages. Declaratory judgments are particularly useful in situations where one party seeks to clarify their legal position before taking further action or to prevent potential disputes.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to settle and declare the rights, duties, or status of parties without ordering any enforcement or damages. It is primarily used to provide clarity and certainty regarding the interpretation of laws, contracts, or constitutional issues. By issuing a declaratory judgment, the court clarifies what the law means or how it applies in a particular situation, thus helping parties avoid potential disputes and misunderstandings.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1114819):
Original:     what is durable medical equipment consist of
Reformulated: what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in patient care outside of acute care settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, hospital beds, and diabetic testing kits. These items are typically reusable and designed for frequent use over an extended period. DME must meet specific quality and safety standards set by regulatory bodies such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to ensure they are suitable for medical purposes.', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical devices that are used in home healthcare settings. Common examples include oxygen tanks, wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, blood glucose monitors, and nebulizers. These items are designed for long-term use and typically have a lifespan of at least three years. DME must meet specific quality standards to ensure patient safety and efficacy, and they are often covered by insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider.', "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in patients' homes or other settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, walkers, and nebulizers. These devices are typically covered by insurance if medically necessary and are used for extended periods to assist with various health conditions or disabilities.", 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home settings to support patients with chronic conditions. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, nebulizers, and walkers. These items are typically covered by insurance if prescribed by a healthcare provider for ongoing use. DME must meet strict standards to ensure safety and effectiveness for users.', "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical supplies and devices that are reusable, have a long life expectancy, and are primarily used in patients' homes. Common examples include wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, and infusion pumps. These items are typically covered by insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider for long-term use, aiding in the treatment and management of chronic conditions or disabilities."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 2240, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in patient care outside of acute care settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, hospital beds, and diabetic testing kits. These items are typically reusable and designed for frequent use over an extended period. DME must meet specific quality and safety standards set by regulatory bodies such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to ensure they are suitable for medical purposes.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical devices that are used in home healthcare settings. Common examples include oxygen tanks, wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, blood glucose monitors, and nebulizers. These items are designed for long-term use and typically have a lifespan of at least three years. DME must meet specific quality standards to ensure patient safety and efficacy, and they are often covered by insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in patients' homes or other settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, walkers, and nebulizers. These devices are typically covered by insurance if medically necessary and are used for extended periods to assist with various health conditions or disabilities.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home settings to support patients with chronic conditions. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, nebulizers, and walkers. These items are typically covered by insurance if prescribed by a healthcare provider for ongoing use. DME must meet strict standards to ensure safety and effectiveness for users.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical supplies and devices that are reusable, have a long life expectancy, and are primarily used in patients' homes. Common examples include wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, and infusion pumps. These items are typically covered by insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider for long-term use, aiding in the treatment and management of chronic conditions or disabilities."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1110199):
Original:     what is wifi vs bluetooth
Reformulated: what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and device-to-device communication over longer distances within a local network. It operates on radio frequency bands (2.4 GHz and 5 GHz) and can support multiple devices simultaneously at fast speeds, typically up to several Gbps. On the other hand, Bluetooth is optimized for short-range, low-power wireless communication between devices like smartphones, headphones, and speakers. It operates on the 2.4 GHz band and supports a lower data rate of around 2 Mbps, making it ideal for', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing high-speed internet connectivity over short to medium distances (up to 150 meters indoors and up to several hundred meters outdoors). It is ideal for connecting devices to the internet or to each other within a local network.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, operates in the 2.4 GHz band and is designed for short-range, low-power wireless communication between devices such as smartphones, headphones, and speakers. It supports data rates up to', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they differ in several aspects. WiFi operates on the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing faster data transfer rates (up to several Gbps) over longer distances (up to 100 meters) within a local area network (LAN). It is primarily used for internet connectivity and file sharing between devices.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, uses the 2.4 GHz band and offers lower data transfer speeds (up to 24 Mbps) over shorter ranges (typically up to 30 feet or 10 meters). It is', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing high-speed internet connectivity over longer distances, typically up to several hundred feet. It is commonly used for connecting devices to the internet and sharing resources within a local network.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth operates in the 2.4 GHz band and is designed for short-range communication, usually within 30 feet. It offers lower data rates compared to WiFi but consumes less power, making it ideal for wireless audio, file transfer, and device pairing', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission but operate differently in terms of range, speed, and use cases. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and data transfer over short to medium distances (up to 100 meters indoors) using the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It supports multiple devices simultaneously, making it ideal for home networks, offices, and public hotspots. On the other hand, Bluetooth operates on the 2.4 GHz band and is best suited for short-range wireless connections between devices such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones. It offers lower data rates compared to WiFi'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 21, 'query_len': 25, 'docs_len': 3223, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and device-to-device communication over longer distances within a local network. It operates on radio frequency bands (2.4 GHz and 5 GHz) and can support multiple devices simultaneously at fast speeds, typically up to several Gbps. On the other hand, Bluetooth is optimized for short-range, low-power wireless communication between devices like smartphones, headphones, and speakers. It operates on the 2.4 GHz band and supports a lower data rate of around 2 Mbps, making it ideal for', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing high-speed internet connectivity over short to medium distances (up to 150 meters indoors and up to several hundred meters outdoors). It is ideal for connecting devices to the internet or to each other within a local network.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, operates in the 2.4 GHz band and is designed for short-range, low-power wireless communication between devices such as smartphones, headphones, and speakers. It supports data rates up to', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they differ in several aspects. WiFi operates on the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing faster data transfer rates (up to several Gbps) over longer distances (up to 100 meters) within a local area network (LAN). It is primarily used for internet connectivity and file sharing between devices.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, uses the 2.4 GHz band and offers lower data transfer speeds (up to 24 Mbps) over shorter ranges (typically up to 30 feet or 10 meters). It is', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing high-speed internet connectivity over longer distances, typically up to several hundred feet. It is commonly used for connecting devices to the internet and sharing resources within a local network.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth operates in the 2.4 GHz band and is designed for short-range communication, usually within 30 feet. It offers lower data rates compared to WiFi but consumes less power, making it ideal for wireless audio, file transfer, and device pairing', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission but operate differently in terms of range, speed, and use cases. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and data transfer over short to medium distances (up to 100 meters indoors) using the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It supports multiple devices simultaneously, making it ideal for home networks, offices, and public hotspots. On the other hand, Bluetooth operates on the 2.4 GHz band and is best suited for short-range wireless connections between devices such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones. It offers lower data rates compared to WiFi'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1129237):
Original:     hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature
Reformulated: hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid bel...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.26 Kelvin), making it one of the coldest substances on the periodic table that can exist in liquid form.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. It requires cooling to -252.87°C (24.30 K) to become a liquid. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at -252.87°C (20.30 K). Below this temperature, hydrogen behaves as a liquid.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at approximately -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.3 Kelvin). Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gaseous state to a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at approximately -252.87°C (20.36 K). This temperature is very close to absolute zero, the lowest possible temperature where all molecular motion theoretically ceases.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 1155, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.26 Kelvin), making it one of the coldest substances on the periodic table that can exist in liquid form.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. It requires cooling to -252.87°C (24.30 K) to become a liquid. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at -252.87°C (20.30 K). Below this temperature, hydrogen behaves as a liquid.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at approximately -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.3 Kelvin). Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gaseous state to a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at approximately -252.87°C (20.36 K). This temperature is very close to absolute zero, the lowest possible temperature where all molecular motion theoretically ceases.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 573724):
Original:     what are the social determinants of health
Reformulated: what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, healthcare access and quality, and neighborhood and built environment. For instance, poverty limits access to nutritious food and safe housing, while educational opportunities shape lifelong health behaviors. Strong social support networks and safe communities further enhance overall well-being. Addressing SDOH is crucial for improving public health outcomes and reducing health disparities across populations.', 'Social determinants of health refer to the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education access and quality, employment, housing stability, environmental exposures, and healthcare availability. For instance, individuals with higher incomes tend to have better access to nutritious food, safe housing, and quality medical care, which positively impact their health outcomes. Conversely, disadvantaged populations often face barriers such as poverty, poor living conditions, and limited access to healthcare, leading to poorer health statuses. Understanding these determinants is crucial for developing effective public health policies aimed at promoting equitable health outcomes for all members of society', 'Social determinants of health encompass the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, access to healthcare, and community safety. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds often face barriers such as inadequate nutrition, substandard housing, and limited access to medical care, all of which can adversely affect their health outcomes. Educational attainment and job opportunities also significantly influence health; better-educated and employed individuals tend to have greater knowledge about health practices and more resources to maintain them. Community safety and social support networks further shape health by providing emotional and practical assistance during times of', 'The social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education access and quality, employment, housing stability, food security, healthcare access, and social support networks. They significantly influence individual and population health outcomes. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds often face more barriers to accessing quality healthcare and nutritious foods, leading to poorer health outcomes. Improving SDOH can help reduce health disparities and promote overall well-being in communities.', "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education level, access to healthcare, neighborhood and built environment, social and community context, and employment. For instance, poverty limits access to nutritious food and safe housing, while high-quality education can lead to better job opportunities and improved health outcomes. Additionally, safe neighborhoods and supportive communities contribute to mental well-being. SDOH collectively shape a person's quality of life and directly influence their health status, highlighting the need for comprehensive approaches to improve public health."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 3533, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, healthcare access and quality, and neighborhood and built environment. For instance, poverty limits access to nutritious food and safe housing, while educational opportunities shape lifelong health behaviors. Strong social support networks and safe communities further enhance overall well-being. Addressing SDOH is crucial for improving public health outcomes and reducing health disparities across populations.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Social determinants of health refer to the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education access and quality, employment, housing stability, environmental exposures, and healthcare availability. For instance, individuals with higher incomes tend to have better access to nutritious food, safe housing, and quality medical care, which positively impact their health outcomes. Conversely, disadvantaged populations often face barriers such as poverty, poor living conditions, and limited access to healthcare, leading to poorer health statuses. Understanding these determinants is crucial for developing effective public health policies aimed at promoting equitable health outcomes for all members of society', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Social determinants of health encompass the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, access to healthcare, and community safety. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds often face barriers such as inadequate nutrition, substandard housing, and limited access to medical care, all of which can adversely affect their health outcomes. Educational attainment and job opportunities also significantly influence health; better-educated and employed individuals tend to have greater knowledge about health practices and more resources to maintain them. Community safety and social support networks further shape health by providing emotional and practical assistance during times of', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education access and quality, employment, housing stability, food security, healthcare access, and social support networks. They significantly influence individual and population health outcomes. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds often face more barriers to accessing quality healthcare and nutritious foods, leading to poorer health outcomes. Improving SDOH can help reduce health disparities and promote overall well-being in communities.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education level, access to healthcare, neighborhood and built environment, social and community context, and employment. For instance, poverty limits access to nutritious food and safe housing, while high-quality education can lead to better job opportunities and improved health outcomes. Additionally, safe neighborhoods and supportive communities contribute to mental well-being. SDOH collectively shape a person's quality of life and directly influence their health status, highlighting the need for comprehensive approaches to improve public health."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1121709):
Original:     what are the three percenters?
Reformulated: what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the t...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The term "Three Percenters" refers to an American far-right paramilitary organization. Coined by Cliven Bundy in 2014, the name alludes to his belief that only three percent of Americans support his views on states\' rights and resistance against federal authority. The group advocates for armed resistance and has been involved in several high-profile events, including the occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in 2016. Their ideology often aligns with white nationalism, anti-government sentiments, and Second Amendment absolutism.', 'The term "three percenters" refers to a loose association of American right-wing extremists. This group believes that only 3% of the population truly understands the complexities of society and has the knowledge to lead effectively. They often advocate for a return to traditional values, oppose political correctness, and support Second Amendment rights. Although not officially organized, they share a common ideology rooted in conservative and sometimes militia-like beliefs.', 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose coalition of right-wing militia groups in the United States. The name comes from the assertion that only 3% of Americans would be willing to fight to defend the Constitution against what they perceive as an increasingly oppressive government. These groups typically advocate for Second Amendment rights, oppose federal overreach, and engage in paramilitary training and exercises. However, it\'s important to note that membership and ideology can vary widely among individual groups within this loose affiliation.', 'The "Three Percenters" is a loosely affiliated militia group in the United States, emerging in the early 2000s. The name comes from the idea that only 3% of Americans support the U.S. government, which they consider corrupt and oppressive. These groups typically advocate for constitutional rights, including the Second Amendment, and often oppose what they perceive as government overreach. Membership is not officially documented, but the group has seen varying levels of support and activity across different regions.', 'The term "three percenters" refers to a loose affiliation of American far-right extremist groups and individuals who believe they belong to the top three percent of Americans based on moral and ethical standards. Originating from a speech by David Duke in 1996, this group often espouses white supremacist, anti-government, and conspiracy theory beliefs. They are known for their support of armed resistance and have been involved in various incidents of violence and intimidation.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2583, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to an American far-right paramilitary organization. Coined by Cliven Bundy in 2014, the name alludes to his belief that only three percent of Americans support his views on states\' rights and resistance against federal authority. The group advocates for armed resistance and has been involved in several high-profile events, including the occupation of Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in 2016. Their ideology often aligns with white nationalism, anti-government sentiments, and Second Amendment absolutism.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The term "three percenters" refers to a loose association of American right-wing extremists. This group believes that only 3% of the population truly understands the complexities of society and has the knowledge to lead effectively. They often advocate for a return to traditional values, oppose political correctness, and support Second Amendment rights. Although not officially organized, they share a common ideology rooted in conservative and sometimes militia-like beliefs.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose coalition of right-wing militia groups in the United States. The name comes from the assertion that only 3% of Americans would be willing to fight to defend the Constitution against what they perceive as an increasingly oppressive government. These groups typically advocate for Second Amendment rights, oppose federal overreach, and engage in paramilitary training and exercises. However, it\'s important to note that membership and ideology can vary widely among individual groups within this loose affiliation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The "Three Percenters" is a loosely affiliated militia group in the United States, emerging in the early 2000s. The name comes from the idea that only 3% of Americans support the U.S. government, which they consider corrupt and oppressive. These groups typically advocate for constitutional rights, including the Second Amendment, and often oppose what they perceive as government overreach. Membership is not officially documented, but the group has seen varying levels of support and activity across different regions.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The term "three percenters" refers to a loose affiliation of American far-right extremist groups and individuals who believe they belong to the top three percent of Americans based on moral and ethical standards. Originating from a speech by David Duke in 1996, this group often espouses white supremacist, anti-government, and conspiracy theory beliefs. They are known for their support of armed resistance and have been involved in various incidents of violence and intimidation.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 489204):
Original:     right pelvic pain causes
Reformulated: right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Right pelvic pain can be caused by several conditions. Common causes include muscle strains or sprains, ovarian cysts, appendicitis, and constipation. Less frequently, more serious conditions like ectopic pregnancy, ovarian torsion, or kidney stones can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain. Pain management often involves identifying and treating the underlying cause, which may include medication, physical therapy, or surgery depending on the diagnosis.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions. Common reasons include muscle strain from overuse or injury, ovarian cysts in women, and appendicitis. In men, issues like prostate problems or right ureteral stones can also cause pain. Less common causes might involve hernias or gynecological conditions in women. Proper diagnosis often requires a physical examination and medical history review, sometimes supplemented with imaging studies or blood tests.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, ligament sprain, or issues with organs such as the appendix (in cases of appendicitis), kidneys (due to conditions like kidney stones or infections), or reproductive organs (like ovarian cysts or endometriosis). Other potential causes include hernias, diverticulitis, or issues with the bladder or urethra. Accurate diagnosis typically requires a medical evaluation, which may include physical examination, imaging tests, and sometimes laboratory tests.', "Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, ovarian cysts, or endometriosis. Infections such as pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) or urinary tract infections (UTIs) can also lead to pain in this region. Additionally, issues like hernias, kidney stones, or constipation might contribute to right-sided pelvic discomfort. Pain during certain activities or with specific movements can help pinpoint the underlying cause. If the pain is severe or persistent, it's advisable to consult a healthcare provider for a proper diagnosis and treatment.", 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, hernias, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Strain from physical activities or poor posture often leads to localized pain in the lower right abdomen. Hernias, such as inguinal hernias, can cause discomfort when they protrude into the groin area. Ovarian cysts may also cause pain, especially if they twist or rupture. Additionally, appendicitis typically presents as pain that starts around the navel and then moves to the lower right abdomen, often accompanied by other symptoms like nausea and fever. If the pain is severe or persistent, medical'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 2651, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by several conditions. Common causes include muscle strains or sprains, ovarian cysts, appendicitis, and constipation. Less frequently, more serious conditions like ectopic pregnancy, ovarian torsion, or kidney stones can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain. Pain management often involves identifying and treating the underlying cause, which may include medication, physical therapy, or surgery depending on the diagnosis.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions. Common reasons include muscle strain from overuse or injury, ovarian cysts in women, and appendicitis. In men, issues like prostate problems or right ureteral stones can also cause pain. Less common causes might involve hernias or gynecological conditions in women. Proper diagnosis often requires a physical examination and medical history review, sometimes supplemented with imaging studies or blood tests.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, ligament sprain, or issues with organs such as the appendix (in cases of appendicitis), kidneys (due to conditions like kidney stones or infections), or reproductive organs (like ovarian cysts or endometriosis). Other potential causes include hernias, diverticulitis, or issues with the bladder or urethra. Accurate diagnosis typically requires a medical evaluation, which may include physical examination, imaging tests, and sometimes laboratory tests.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, ovarian cysts, or endometriosis. Infections such as pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) or urinary tract infections (UTIs) can also lead to pain in this region. Additionally, issues like hernias, kidney stones, or constipation might contribute to right-sided pelvic discomfort. Pain during certain activities or with specific movements can help pinpoint the underlying cause. If the pain is severe or persistent, it's advisable to consult a healthcare provider for a proper diagnosis and treatment.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, hernias, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Strain from physical activities or poor posture often leads to localized pain in the lower right abdomen. Hernias, such as inguinal hernias, can cause discomfort when they protrude into the groin area. Ovarian cysts may also cause pain, especially if they twist or rupture. Additionally, appendicitis typically presents as pain that starts around the navel and then moves to the lower right abdomen, often accompanied by other symptoms like nausea and fever. If the pain is severe or persistent, medical'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 131843):
Original:     definition of a sigmet
Reformulated: definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about significant meteorological conditions that could affect flight safety. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, icing, turbulence, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that pose hazards to aircraft. SIGMETs are essential for ensuring safe aircraft operations by providing timely and accurate information to aid in route planning and decision-making.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about significant in-flight hazards that could affect flight safety. These hazards include severe thunderstorms, volcanic ash, wind shear, severe icing, and turbulence not covered by routine aviation weather forecasts. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring the safe operation of aircraft by providing timely information to help pilots plan their routes and avoid dangerous conditions.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about significant in-flight hazards that are not routinely depicted on weather charts. These hazards include severe icing, turbulence, wind shear, volcanic ash, and severe thunderstorms that could pose a serious threat to aircraft safety. SIGMETs help ensure the safe operation of aircraft by providing timely and accurate information to flight crews and dispatchers.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about hazardous in-flight conditions that are not related to routine weather phenomena. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, volcanic ash, severe turbulence, wind shear, and significant icing. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring flight safety by providing timely information to help pilots make informed decisions regarding their flight plans and routes.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather alert issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about significant weather phenomena that could affect flight safety. These include severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, volcanic ash, severe icing, wind shear, and other hazardous conditions. SIGMETs help ensure that pilots are aware of potential dangers and can take appropriate actions to avoid these hazards during their flights.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 2432, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about significant meteorological conditions that could affect flight safety. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, icing, turbulence, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that pose hazards to aircraft. SIGMETs are essential for ensuring safe aircraft operations by providing timely and accurate information to aid in route planning and decision-making.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about significant in-flight hazards that could affect flight safety. These hazards include severe thunderstorms, volcanic ash, wind shear, severe icing, and turbulence not covered by routine aviation weather forecasts. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring the safe operation of aircraft by providing timely information to help pilots plan their routes and avoid dangerous conditions.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about significant in-flight hazards that are not routinely depicted on weather charts. These hazards include severe icing, turbulence, wind shear, volcanic ash, and severe thunderstorms that could pose a serious threat to aircraft safety. SIGMETs help ensure the safe operation of aircraft by providing timely and accurate information to flight crews and dispatchers.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about hazardous in-flight conditions that are not related to routine weather phenomena. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, volcanic ash, severe turbulence, wind shear, and significant icing. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring flight safety by providing timely information to help pilots make informed decisions regarding their flight plans and routes.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather alert issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about significant weather phenomena that could affect flight safety. These include severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, volcanic ash, severe icing, wind shear, and other hazardous conditions. SIGMETs help ensure that pilots are aware of potential dangers and can take appropriate actions to avoid these hazards during their flights.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

