Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 23849):
Original:     are naturalization records public information
Reformulated: are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalizati...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the general public. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some information may be restricted due to privacy concerns, most naturalization records are available for public inspection and can be obtained through the USCIS Genealogy Program or the NARA website. This public access allows researchers, genealogists, and individuals to explore their family history and track the naturalization process", 'In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information, allowing individuals to access documents related to the naturalization process of their ancestors or other individuals. These records, which include declaration of intention forms, petitions for naturalization, and certificates of naturalization, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some information may be restricted due to privacy concerns, most naturalization records are available to the public, either online or through in-person requests, providing valuable information for genealogical research, historical studies, and other purposes.', "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and are made available to the public after a certain period. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, can typically be accessed through the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some information may be restricted due to privacy concerns, most naturalization records are open to the public and can be obtained through a formal request or by searching online databases, providing valuable genealogical and historical information to researchers and family historians.", "Naturalization records, which document the process by which an individual becomes a citizen of a country, are generally considered public information in many jurisdictions. In the United States, for example, naturalization records are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and are available to the public through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or online databases. These records often include valuable information such as the individual's name, birthdate, country of origin, and date of naturalization, making them a useful resource for genealogists, researchers, and individuals seeking to verify citizenship status. However, it's", "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, although access to certain details may be restricted. In the United States, for instance, naturalization records are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records, which include declarations of intention, petitions for naturalization, and certificates of naturalization, are publicly available after a certain period, usually 60 to 100 years, depending on the type of record and the circumstances of the individual's naturalization. Researchers, genealogists, and the general public can access these records through online databases,"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 3526, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed by the general public. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some information may be restricted due to privacy concerns, most naturalization records are available for public inspection and can be obtained through the USCIS Genealogy Program or the NARA website. This public access allows researchers, genealogists, and individuals to explore their family history and track the naturalization process", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information, allowing individuals to access documents related to the naturalization process of their ancestors or other individuals. These records, which include declaration of intention forms, petitions for naturalization, and certificates of naturalization, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some information may be restricted due to privacy concerns, most naturalization records are available to the public, either online or through in-person requests, providing valuable information for genealogical research, historical studies, and other purposes.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "In the United States, naturalization records are generally considered public information and are made available to the public after a certain period. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, can typically be accessed through the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While some information may be restricted due to privacy concerns, most naturalization records are open to the public and can be obtained through a formal request or by searching online databases, providing valuable genealogical and historical information to researchers and family historians.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Naturalization records, which document the process by which an individual becomes a citizen of a country, are generally considered public information in many jurisdictions. In the United States, for example, naturalization records are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and are available to the public through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or online databases. These records often include valuable information such as the individual's name, birthdate, country of origin, and date of naturalization, making them a useful resource for genealogists, researchers, and individuals seeking to verify citizenship status. However, it's", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, although access to certain details may be restricted. In the United States, for instance, naturalization records are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records, which include declarations of intention, petitions for naturalization, and certificates of naturalization, are publicly available after a certain period, usually 60 to 100 years, depending on the type of record and the circumstances of the individual's naturalization. Researchers, genealogists, and the general public can access these records through online databases,"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 156498):
Original:     do google docs auto save
Reformulated: do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that periodically saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This auto-save feature is enabled by default and works in real-time, storing your document revisions in your Google Drive account. As a result, you can rest assured that your work is safely stored even if you forget to save it manually or experience an unexpected interruption, such as a power outage or internet connection loss.', "Google Docs features an automatic saving function that regularly saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This function is enabled by default, and your document is saved at regular intervals to Google's servers, ensuring that your work is protected in case of unexpected interruptions, such as a power outage or internet connection loss. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, allowing you to view and restore previous versions of your document if needed. This auto-save feature provides users with peace of mind, enabling them to focus on creating and editing their documents without worrying about losing their work.", "Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism, ensuring that your work is continually saved as you type. This means that every few seconds, the document you are working on is saved to Google's servers, eliminating the need to manually save your progress. If you're working on a document and your internet connection is interrupted or your device shuts down, Google Docs will automatically recover your work when you next access the document, minimizing the risk of lost work. This auto-save feature provides users with peace of mind, allowing them to focus on creating and editing their documents without worrying about saving their progress.", "Google Docs is equipped with an automatic saving feature, ensuring that your work is periodically saved as you type. This means that you don't need to manually save your document every few minutes, as the system will automatically store your changes at regular intervals. As long as you have a stable internet connection, Google Docs will continuously save your document in real-time, allowing you to retrieve your work in case you accidentally close the document or experience a technical issue. This auto-save feature provides an added layer of protection and convenience, giving you peace of mind while working on your documents.", 'Google Docs automatically saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This feature, known as autosave, occurs every few seconds and stores your document in your Google Drive account. To verify that your work has been saved, look for the "All changes saved" or "Saving..." indicators at the top of the page. Additionally, Google Docs also allows you to view and revert to previous versions of your document through the "File" menu, providing an extra layer of protection against data loss.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 20, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 2918, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that periodically saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This auto-save feature is enabled by default and works in real-time, storing your document revisions in your Google Drive account. As a result, you can rest assured that your work is safely stored even if you forget to save it manually or experience an unexpected interruption, such as a power outage or internet connection loss.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Google Docs features an automatic saving function that regularly saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This function is enabled by default, and your document is saved at regular intervals to Google's servers, ensuring that your work is protected in case of unexpected interruptions, such as a power outage or internet connection loss. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, allowing you to view and restore previous versions of your document if needed. This auto-save feature provides users with peace of mind, enabling them to focus on creating and editing their documents without worrying about losing their work.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism, ensuring that your work is continually saved as you type. This means that every few seconds, the document you are working on is saved to Google's servers, eliminating the need to manually save your progress. If you're working on a document and your internet connection is interrupted or your device shuts down, Google Docs will automatically recover your work when you next access the document, minimizing the risk of lost work. This auto-save feature provides users with peace of mind, allowing them to focus on creating and editing their documents without worrying about saving their progress.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Google Docs is equipped with an automatic saving feature, ensuring that your work is periodically saved as you type. This means that you don't need to manually save your document every few minutes, as the system will automatically store your changes at regular intervals. As long as you have a stable internet connection, Google Docs will continuously save your document in real-time, allowing you to retrieve your work in case you accidentally close the document or experience a technical issue. This auto-save feature provides an added layer of protection and convenience, giving you peace of mind while working on your documents.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This feature, known as autosave, occurs every few seconds and stores your document in your Google Drive account. To verify that your work has been saved, look for the "All changes saved" or "Saving..." indicators at the top of the page. Additionally, Google Docs also allows you to view and revert to previous versions of your document through the "File" menu, providing an extra layer of protection against data loss.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 258062):
Original:     how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth
Reformulated: how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it tak...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure can vary depending on several factors, including the complexity of the extraction and the patient's individual needs. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex surgical extraction can take up to an hour or more. The overall recovery time can range from a few days to a week, with most people able to resume normal activities within 3-5 days after the procedure. However, it's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions for post-operative care to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery.", "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure typically ranges from 15 to 60 minutes, depending on the complexity of the extraction and the patient's overall oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully visible and easily accessible, can take around 15-30 minutes. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially buried in the gum, the procedure can take longer, often up to 60 minutes. Additionally, the recovery time after the procedure usually lasts a few days, with most people resuming normal activities within 3-5 days, although full healing may take several weeks.", "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure typically varies depending on the complexity of the extraction and the individual's overall oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully visible and easily accessible, can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially buried in the gum and bone, the procedure can take longer, often requiring 30-60 minutes or more per tooth. In some cases, the dentist or oral surgeon may need to make an incision in the gum or remove some of the surrounding bone, which can add to the overall procedure time. Generally, the entire process, including", "The removal of a wisdom tooth can vary in duration depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. On average, a simple wisdom tooth extraction can take around 15-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex procedure, such as an impacted wisdom tooth, may take up to 60 minutes or more. In most cases, the entire process, including preparation and recovery, can take around 1-2 hours. However, it's essential to consult with a dentist or oral surgeon to determine the exact timeframe and any specific requirements for your unique situation.", "The removal of a wisdom tooth, also known as a third molar, typically takes about 30-60 minutes to complete, depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. In cases where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, the procedure can be relatively quick, usually lasting around 10-30 minutes. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially covered by gum and bone, the procedure can take longer, sometimes up to an hour or more, and may require more extensive surgical techniques. Following the procedure, patients can expect to experience some discomfort, swelling, and bleeding, which can be managed"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 3054, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure can vary depending on several factors, including the complexity of the extraction and the patient's individual needs. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex surgical extraction can take up to an hour or more. The overall recovery time can range from a few days to a week, with most people able to resume normal activities within 3-5 days after the procedure. However, it's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions for post-operative care to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure typically ranges from 15 to 60 minutes, depending on the complexity of the extraction and the patient's overall oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully visible and easily accessible, can take around 15-30 minutes. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially buried in the gum, the procedure can take longer, often up to 60 minutes. Additionally, the recovery time after the procedure usually lasts a few days, with most people resuming normal activities within 3-5 days, although full healing may take several weeks.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure typically varies depending on the complexity of the extraction and the individual's overall oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully visible and easily accessible, can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially buried in the gum and bone, the procedure can take longer, often requiring 30-60 minutes or more per tooth. In some cases, the dentist or oral surgeon may need to make an incision in the gum or remove some of the surrounding bone, which can add to the overall procedure time. Generally, the entire process, including", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The removal of a wisdom tooth can vary in duration depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. On average, a simple wisdom tooth extraction can take around 15-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex procedure, such as an impacted wisdom tooth, may take up to 60 minutes or more. In most cases, the entire process, including preparation and recovery, can take around 1-2 hours. However, it's essential to consult with a dentist or oral surgeon to determine the exact timeframe and any specific requirements for your unique situation.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The removal of a wisdom tooth, also known as a third molar, typically takes about 30-60 minutes to complete, depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. In cases where the tooth is fully erupted and easily accessible, the procedure can be relatively quick, usually lasting around 10-30 minutes. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially covered by gum and bone, the procedure can take longer, sometimes up to an hour or more, and may require more extensive surgical techniques. Following the procedure, patients can expect to experience some discomfort, swelling, and bleeding, which can be managed"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1071750):
Original:     why is pete rose banned from hall of fame
Reformulated: why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hal...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Pete Rose, one of baseball's all-time hits leaders, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to a lifetime ban imposed by Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1985. The ban was the result of an investigation led by MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti, which found that Rose had bet on MLB games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of MLB's rule against betting on games, which is intended to maintain the integrity of the sport, led to Rose's ineligibility for the Hall of Fame, despite his", 'Pete Rose, also known as "Charlie Hustle," is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to a lifetime ban imposed by Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1985. The ban resulted from an investigation led by Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti, which found that Rose had bet on baseball games, including some involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of MLB\'s rule against betting on games, which was established to maintain the integrity of the sport, led to Rose\'s ineligibility for the Hall of Fame. Despite his record-breaking career,', "Pete Rose, widely regarded as one of baseball's greatest players, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by lawyer John Dowd revealed that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those of his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of Major League Baseball's Rule 21, which prohibits betting on games, led to his lifetime ban from the sport in 1986. As a result, Rose is ineligible for consideration for the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America,", "Pete Rose, widely regarded as one of the greatest players in baseball history, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by Major League Baseball found that Rose had placed bets on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of the league's rules, which strictly prohibit players, managers, and coaches from betting on games, led to Rose's lifetime ban from the sport in 1986. Despite his impressive on-field accomplishments, including holding the record for most career hits", "Pete Rose, the all-time leader in hits in Major League Baseball history, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games, including those involving his own team. In 1985, an investigation led by lawyer John Dowd found evidence that Rose had bet on baseball games, which is a violation of the sport's rules. As a result, then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti banned Rose from baseball for life in 1989, making him ineligible for Hall of Fame consideration. Despite numerous appeals and attempts to lift the ban, Rose remains barred from the Hall of"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3016, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Pete Rose, one of baseball's all-time hits leaders, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to a lifetime ban imposed by Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1985. The ban was the result of an investigation led by MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti, which found that Rose had bet on MLB games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of MLB's rule against betting on games, which is intended to maintain the integrity of the sport, led to Rose's ineligibility for the Hall of Fame, despite his", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Pete Rose, also known as "Charlie Hustle," is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to a lifetime ban imposed by Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1985. The ban resulted from an investigation led by Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti, which found that Rose had bet on baseball games, including some involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of MLB\'s rule against betting on games, which was established to maintain the integrity of the sport, led to Rose\'s ineligibility for the Hall of Fame. Despite his record-breaking career,', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Pete Rose, widely regarded as one of baseball's greatest players, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by lawyer John Dowd revealed that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those of his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of Major League Baseball's Rule 21, which prohibits betting on games, led to his lifetime ban from the sport in 1986. As a result, Rose is ineligible for consideration for the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America,", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Pete Rose, widely regarded as one of the greatest players in baseball history, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on the sport. In 1985, an investigation led by Major League Baseball found that Rose had placed bets on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of the league's rules, which strictly prohibit players, managers, and coaches from betting on games, led to Rose's lifetime ban from the sport in 1986. Despite his impressive on-field accomplishments, including holding the record for most career hits", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Pete Rose, the all-time leader in hits in Major League Baseball history, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games, including those involving his own team. In 1985, an investigation led by lawyer John Dowd found evidence that Rose had bet on baseball games, which is a violation of the sport's rules. As a result, then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti banned Rose from baseball for life in 1989, making him ineligible for Hall of Fame consideration. Despite numerous appeals and attempts to lift the ban, Rose remains barred from the Hall of"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 67316):
Original:     can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy
Reformulated: can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarri...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but it's essential to understand its potential impact on the developing fetus. A high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it occurs during the first trimester. However, the relationship between fever and miscarriage is not entirely straightforward, and the risk is generally higher if the fever is a symptom of an underlying infection, such as the flu or a urinary tract infection. Pregnant individuals experiencing a fever should contact their healthcare provider for guidance, as prompt treatment of the underlying cause can help minimize potential risks and ensure the best possible", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can pose risks, but its direct impact on miscarriage is still a topic of research. Generally, a low-grade fever, typically below 100.4°F (38°C), is unlikely to cause a miscarriage. However, a high fever, usually above 101.5°F (38.6°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if it's a result of a severe infection. It's essential for pregnant women to manage fever promptly by staying hydrated, resting, and using acetaminophen as advised by their healthcare provider. Additionally, if a fever exceeds 101.5", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but in most cases, it does not directly cause miscarriage. However, severe and prolonged fevers, typically above 102°F (39°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if they are a result of a viral or bacterial infection. It's essential for pregnant women experiencing fever to seek medical attention promptly to determine the underlying cause and receive proper treatment. Additionally, Practicing good hygiene, getting vaccinated against flu, and avoiding contact with people who are sick can help minimize the risk of infection and associated fever during pregnancy. If a fever occurs, staying hydrated, resting,", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but its impact on the developing fetus depends on several factors. A mild fever, typically below 102°F (39°C), is usually not a cause for concern and is unlikely to cause a miscarriage. However, a high fever, especially above 104°F (40°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it occurs during the first trimester. This is because high fevers can cause the uterus to contract, potentially leading to preterm labor or miscarriage. If you experience a fever during early pregnancy, it's essential to consult your healthcare provider, who can", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, and it's natural to wonder if it might lead to miscarriage. While a fever itself is not typically a direct cause of miscarriage, extremely high fevers, usually above 102°F (39°C), may potentially increase the risk. This is particularly true if the fever is a result of an underlying infection that affects the fetus or the placenta. However, it's essential to note that most fevers are due to minor illnesses that can be managed with rest and medication, and many women experience fevers during pregnancy without any adverse outcomes. If you're experiencing a fever during early"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3188, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but it's essential to understand its potential impact on the developing fetus. A high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it occurs during the first trimester. However, the relationship between fever and miscarriage is not entirely straightforward, and the risk is generally higher if the fever is a symptom of an underlying infection, such as the flu or a urinary tract infection. Pregnant individuals experiencing a fever should contact their healthcare provider for guidance, as prompt treatment of the underlying cause can help minimize potential risks and ensure the best possible", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can pose risks, but its direct impact on miscarriage is still a topic of research. Generally, a low-grade fever, typically below 100.4°F (38°C), is unlikely to cause a miscarriage. However, a high fever, usually above 101.5°F (38.6°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if it's a result of a severe infection. It's essential for pregnant women to manage fever promptly by staying hydrated, resting, and using acetaminophen as advised by their healthcare provider. Additionally, if a fever exceeds 101.5", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but in most cases, it does not directly cause miscarriage. However, severe and prolonged fevers, typically above 102°F (39°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if they are a result of a viral or bacterial infection. It's essential for pregnant women experiencing fever to seek medical attention promptly to determine the underlying cause and receive proper treatment. Additionally, Practicing good hygiene, getting vaccinated against flu, and avoiding contact with people who are sick can help minimize the risk of infection and associated fever during pregnancy. If a fever occurs, staying hydrated, resting,", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but its impact on the developing fetus depends on several factors. A mild fever, typically below 102°F (39°C), is usually not a cause for concern and is unlikely to cause a miscarriage. However, a high fever, especially above 104°F (40°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it occurs during the first trimester. This is because high fevers can cause the uterus to contract, potentially leading to preterm labor or miscarriage. If you experience a fever during early pregnancy, it's essential to consult your healthcare provider, who can", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, and it's natural to wonder if it might lead to miscarriage. While a fever itself is not typically a direct cause of miscarriage, extremely high fevers, usually above 102°F (39°C), may potentially increase the risk. This is particularly true if the fever is a result of an underlying infection that affects the fetus or the placenta. However, it's essential to note that most fevers are due to minor illnesses that can be managed with rest and medication, and many women experience fevers during pregnancy without any adverse outcomes. If you're experiencing a fever during early"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 169208):
Original:     does mississippi have an income tax
Reformulated: does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi hav...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Mississippi does have a state income tax, which ranges from 3% to 5% of an individual's taxable income. The state's tax rates are progressive, meaning higher income earners are subject to higher tax rates. For the 2022 tax year, the rates are as follows: 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income above $10,000. It's worth noting that certain types of income, such as Social Security benefits and qualified retirement accounts, are exempt from state", "Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that ranges from 3% to 5% of taxable income. The state's income tax rates are as follows: 3% on the first $1,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $1,001 and $5,000, and 5% on taxable income above $5,000. Additionally, Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their state tax liability. However, it's worth noting that Mississippi is one of the states with a relatively low income tax rate", "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state's income tax ranges from 3% to 5%, with the tax rates applying to different ranges of taxable income. For single filers, the 3% rate applies to the first $5,000 of taxable income, the 4% rate applies to income between $5,001 and $10,000, and the 5% rate applies to income exceeding $10,000. Similarly, for joint filers, the tax rates and brackets are adjusted accordingly. It's worth noting that while Mississippi does", "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state's income tax rates range from 3% to 5%, with the lowest rate applying to the first $5,000 of taxable income and the highest rate applying to taxable income exceeding $10,000. Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their state tax liability. Additionally, the state offers various tax credits and deductions, such as the state's tax credit for charitable contributions, to help reduce taxpayers' overall tax burden. Overall, while Mississippi does have", "Mississippi, like most states in the United States, has a state income tax. The state imposes a progressive income tax system, meaning higher income earners are subject to higher tax rates. As of the last update, the tax rates range from 3% to 5%, with the highest rate applied to taxable income exceeding $10,000. The tax is administered by the Mississippi Department of Revenue, and residents are required to file a state income tax return if their gross income exceeds certain thresholds, which can vary based on filing status. Despite having an income tax, Mississippi's rates are generally considered to be relatively low compared to many other"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 35, 'docs_len': 2924, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Mississippi does have a state income tax, which ranges from 3% to 5% of an individual's taxable income. The state's tax rates are progressive, meaning higher income earners are subject to higher tax rates. For the 2022 tax year, the rates are as follows: 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income above $10,000. It's worth noting that certain types of income, such as Social Security benefits and qualified retirement accounts, are exempt from state", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that ranges from 3% to 5% of taxable income. The state's income tax rates are as follows: 3% on the first $1,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $1,001 and $5,000, and 5% on taxable income above $5,000. Additionally, Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their state tax liability. However, it's worth noting that Mississippi is one of the states with a relatively low income tax rate", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state's income tax ranges from 3% to 5%, with the tax rates applying to different ranges of taxable income. For single filers, the 3% rate applies to the first $5,000 of taxable income, the 4% rate applies to income between $5,001 and $10,000, and the 5% rate applies to income exceeding $10,000. Similarly, for joint filers, the tax rates and brackets are adjusted accordingly. It's worth noting that while Mississippi does", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state's income tax rates range from 3% to 5%, with the lowest rate applying to the first $5,000 of taxable income and the highest rate applying to taxable income exceeding $10,000. Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income, which can help reduce their state tax liability. Additionally, the state offers various tax credits and deductions, such as the state's tax credit for charitable contributions, to help reduce taxpayers' overall tax burden. Overall, while Mississippi does have", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Mississippi, like most states in the United States, has a state income tax. The state imposes a progressive income tax system, meaning higher income earners are subject to higher tax rates. As of the last update, the tax rates range from 3% to 5%, with the highest rate applied to taxable income exceeding $10,000. The tax is administered by the Mississippi Department of Revenue, and residents are required to file a state income tax return if their gross income exceeds certain thresholds, which can vary based on filing status. Despite having an income tax, Mississippi's rates are generally considered to be relatively low compared to many other"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 938400):
Original:     when did family feud come out?
Reformulated: when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did famil...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Family Feud" is a popular American television game show that first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and spin-offs over the years, including the current version hosted by Steve Harvey, which debuted in 2010.', "Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and hosts over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's format, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged and continues to entertain audiences to this day.", 'Family Feud," a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and pitted two families against each other in a competition to guess the most popular responses to survey questions. Since its debut, "Family Feud" has become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and spin-offs, including the current version hosted by Steve Harvey, which premiered in 1999 and has been on the air ever since.', "Family Feud, a popular American television game show, originally premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was first hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and host changes over the years, including Steve Harvey's current iteration, which began in 2010.", 'Family Feud," a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple in American entertainment, with numerous hosts and revivals over the years, including its current iteration hosted by Steve Harvey. The show\'s format, which features two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged and continues to entertain audiences to this day.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2242, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Family Feud" is a popular American television game show that first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and spin-offs over the years, including the current version hosted by Steve Harvey, which debuted in 2010.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and hosts over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's format, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged and continues to entertain audiences to this day.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Family Feud," a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and pitted two families against each other in a competition to guess the most popular responses to survey questions. Since its debut, "Family Feud" has become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and spin-offs, including the current version hosted by Steve Harvey, which premiered in 1999 and has been on the air ever since.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Family Feud, a popular American television game show, originally premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was first hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and host changes over the years, including Steve Harvey's current iteration, which began in 2010.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Family Feud," a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple in American entertainment, with numerous hosts and revivals over the years, including its current iteration hosted by Steve Harvey. The show\'s format, which features two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged and continues to entertain audiences to this day.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1108651):
Original:     what the best way to get clothes white
Reformulated: what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["To get clothes white, it's best to sort and pre-treat them before washing. Begin by checking the care label to ensure the use of bleach is allowed. For whites that can be bleached, apply a stain remover or laundry detergent directly to any tough stains, then soak the clothes in a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar for several hours. Next, wash the clothes in hot water using a detergent designed for whites, adding a whitening agent like OxiClean or Clorox 2 if needed. Finally, hang the clothes outside in the sun to dry, as sunlight has natural bleaching properties that can help", "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing. Soaking the garments in a mixture of warm water and a laundry detergent specifically designed for whites can help loosen dirt. Adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda or oxygen bleach, such as OxiClean, to the wash cycle can also enhance whitening. Additionally, hanging clothes outside in direct sunlight can naturally bleach and freshen them. For tougher stains, consider using an enzymatic cleaner or a laundry booster to achieve optimal results. Regularly washing whites in hot water and avoiding over-drying can also help maintain their brightness and prevent dinginess", "To achieve brilliant whites, it's essential to use a combination of effective laundry techniques and high-quality detergents. Begin by sorting your white clothes separately from colored items to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any visible stains with a stain remover or a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar. Then, wash the clothes in hot water using a detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as one containing optical brighteners. For tougher stains, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean. Finally, hang your whites outside in direct sunlight to naturally bleach and freshen them, as the sun's UV rays can help maintain their", "To get clothes white, it's best to use a combination of laundry detergents and optical brighteners. Start by pre-treating any stains with a stain remover before washing. Then, use a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, as these often contain optical brighteners that absorb ultraviolet light and emit blue light, making whites appear brighter. For tougher stains or yellowing, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or baking soda to your wash cycle. Finally, hang your clothes outside to dry, as sunlight has natural bleaching properties that can help maintain whiteness. Regularly washing your whites in hot water and", 'To achieve exceptionally white clothes, consider the following tips. Firstly, pre-treat any stains on the clothes before washing, as this will prevent them from setting in and make the washing process more effective. Next, use a high-quality laundry detergent that contains optical brighteners, which help to reflect light and give clothes a brighter appearance. Additionally, adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda to the wash cycle can also help to neutralize any dinginess and odors. For particularly tough stains, soaking the clothes in a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar for a few hours can be beneficial. Finally, hanging clothes outside in'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3209, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "To get clothes white, it's best to sort and pre-treat them before washing. Begin by checking the care label to ensure the use of bleach is allowed. For whites that can be bleached, apply a stain remover or laundry detergent directly to any tough stains, then soak the clothes in a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar for several hours. Next, wash the clothes in hot water using a detergent designed for whites, adding a whitening agent like OxiClean or Clorox 2 if needed. Finally, hang the clothes outside in the sun to dry, as sunlight has natural bleaching properties that can help", 'pseudo_doc_2': "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing. Soaking the garments in a mixture of warm water and a laundry detergent specifically designed for whites can help loosen dirt. Adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda or oxygen bleach, such as OxiClean, to the wash cycle can also enhance whitening. Additionally, hanging clothes outside in direct sunlight can naturally bleach and freshen them. For tougher stains, consider using an enzymatic cleaner or a laundry booster to achieve optimal results. Regularly washing whites in hot water and avoiding over-drying can also help maintain their brightness and prevent dinginess", 'pseudo_doc_3': "To achieve brilliant whites, it's essential to use a combination of effective laundry techniques and high-quality detergents. Begin by sorting your white clothes separately from colored items to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any visible stains with a stain remover or a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar. Then, wash the clothes in hot water using a detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as one containing optical brighteners. For tougher stains, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean. Finally, hang your whites outside in direct sunlight to naturally bleach and freshen them, as the sun's UV rays can help maintain their", 'pseudo_doc_4': "To get clothes white, it's best to use a combination of laundry detergents and optical brighteners. Start by pre-treating any stains with a stain remover before washing. Then, use a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, as these often contain optical brighteners that absorb ultraviolet light and emit blue light, making whites appear brighter. For tougher stains or yellowing, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or baking soda to your wash cycle. Finally, hang your clothes outside to dry, as sunlight has natural bleaching properties that can help maintain whiteness. Regularly washing your whites in hot water and", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To achieve exceptionally white clothes, consider the following tips. Firstly, pre-treat any stains on the clothes before washing, as this will prevent them from setting in and make the washing process more effective. Next, use a high-quality laundry detergent that contains optical brighteners, which help to reflect light and give clothes a brighter appearance. Additionally, adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda to the wash cycle can also help to neutralize any dinginess and odors. For particularly tough stains, soaking the clothes in a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar for a few hours can be beneficial. Finally, hanging clothes outside in'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1037496):
Original:     who is rep scalise?
Reformulated: who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected in 2008, Scalise has been a prominent figure in the Republican Party, known for his conservative views and advocacy for issues such as gun rights, tax reform, and energy policy. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening shooting at a congressional baseball practice, which led to a period of recovery and subsequent return to politics. He has continued to play a key role in shaping the Republican agenda in the U.S. House of Representatives.", "Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader of the United States House of Representatives. He has been a member of Congress since 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has held various leadership positions, including House Majority Whip and Chairman of the House Republican Study Committee. He is known for his conservative views and has been a strong supporter of the Republican Party's agenda. On June 14, 2017, Scalise survived a shooting incident during a congressional baseball practice, which left him critically injured. He has since made a remarkable recovery and continues to", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected to Congress in 2008, Scalise has risen through the ranks of the Republican Party, holding various leadership positions, including Majority Whip. He is known for his conservative stance on issues such as healthcare, taxation, and gun rights. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening gunshot wound during a shooting at a Congressional baseball practice, an event that sparked widespread support and admiration for his resilience and recovery. As a key figure in the Republican Party, Rep. Scalise continues to play", "Steve Scalise is an American politician who has been serving as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2008. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and is a member of the Republican Party. Scalise currently holds the position of House Majority Leader, making him the second-highest ranking Republican in the House of Representatives. Prior to this role, he served as the House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. Scalise has been a prominent figure in Republican politics, known for his conservative views and his role in shaping the party's legislative agenda. In 2017, he survived a shooting", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader of the United States House of Representatives. He has been a member of Congress since 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. Scalise is a member of the Republican Party and has been a prominent figure in the party's leadership, previously serving as House Majority Whip. In 2017, he survived a serious gunshot wound during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice and made a remarkable recovery, returning to his duties in Congress. Known for his conservative views and advocacy for energy development, Rep. Scalise continues to play a significant role in shaping"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 28, 'query_len': 19, 'docs_len': 3252, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected in 2008, Scalise has been a prominent figure in the Republican Party, known for his conservative views and advocacy for issues such as gun rights, tax reform, and energy policy. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening shooting at a congressional baseball practice, which led to a period of recovery and subsequent return to politics. He has continued to play a key role in shaping the Republican agenda in the U.S. House of Representatives.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader of the United States House of Representatives. He has been a member of Congress since 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has held various leadership positions, including House Majority Whip and Chairman of the House Republican Study Committee. He is known for his conservative views and has been a strong supporter of the Republican Party's agenda. On June 14, 2017, Scalise survived a shooting incident during a congressional baseball practice, which left him critically injured. He has since made a remarkable recovery and continues to", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected to Congress in 2008, Scalise has risen through the ranks of the Republican Party, holding various leadership positions, including Majority Whip. He is known for his conservative stance on issues such as healthcare, taxation, and gun rights. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening gunshot wound during a shooting at a Congressional baseball practice, an event that sparked widespread support and admiration for his resilience and recovery. As a key figure in the Republican Party, Rep. Scalise continues to play", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Steve Scalise is an American politician who has been serving as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2008. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and is a member of the Republican Party. Scalise currently holds the position of House Majority Leader, making him the second-highest ranking Republican in the House of Representatives. Prior to this role, he served as the House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. Scalise has been a prominent figure in Republican politics, known for his conservative views and his role in shaping the party's legislative agenda. In 2017, he survived a shooting", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader of the United States House of Representatives. He has been a member of Congress since 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. Scalise is a member of the Republican Party and has been a prominent figure in the party's leadership, previously serving as House Majority Whip. In 2017, he survived a serious gunshot wound during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice and made a remarkable recovery, returning to his duties in Congress. Known for his conservative views and advocacy for energy development, Rep. Scalise continues to play a significant role in shaping"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 1064670):
Original:     why do hunters pattern their shotguns?
Reformulated: why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why d...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances, typically between 20 to 40 yards. This process involves firing the shotgun at a large piece of paper or other material to visualize the pellet pattern. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can ensure their shotgun is functioning optimally and make necessary adjustments to the choke, ammunition, or sighting system to achieve the desired range and accuracy for their specific hunting needs. Proper patterning enables hunters to effectively and humanely take down game, making it an essential step in preparing for a successful hunt.", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's payload, typically shotgun pellets, at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, usually a large piece of paper, and then measuring the distribution of the pellets. By doing so, hunters can understand how their shotgun will perform in the field, allowing them to adjust their aim and choose the most effective choke and ammunition for their specific hunting needs. This ensures a more humane and efficient harvest, as a well-patterned shotgun increases the likelihood of a clean and quick kill.", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances. This process, known as patterning, involves firing the shotgun at a large piece of paper or target to visualize the distribution of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can identify the shotgun's effective range, optimal choke tube, and most suitable ammunition, allowing them to make adjustments for more accurate and humane kills. Patterning also helps hunters to understand their shotgun's performance and make informed decisions about shot selection, ultimately leading to more successful and responsible hunting experiences.", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances, typically between 20 to 40 yards. This process, known as patterning, involves firing the shotgun at a large paper target to visualize the distribution of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can identify the shotgun's effective range, optimal choke tube, and suitable ammunition for their specific hunting needs. Patterning helps ensure that the shotgun is functioning as intended, increasing the hunter's chances of a clean and humane harvest, while also reducing the risk of wounding or missing game.", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and distribution of pellets at various distances, allowing them to optimize their firearm's performance for specific game and ranges. By firing a shotshell at a paper target, hunters can visualize the pattern of pellets, identifying the effective range and density of the shot. This process helps to ensure a clean and humane harvest, as a well-patterned shotgun increases the likelihood of a quick and fatal shot, reducing the risk of wounding or missing game. Additionally, patterning a shotgun enables hunters to choose the most suitable choke and ammunition combination for their needs, making them more effective and responsible hunters."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3232, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances, typically between 20 to 40 yards. This process involves firing the shotgun at a large piece of paper or other material to visualize the pellet pattern. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can ensure their shotgun is functioning optimally and make necessary adjustments to the choke, ammunition, or sighting system to achieve the desired range and accuracy for their specific hunting needs. Proper patterning enables hunters to effectively and humanely take down game, making it an essential step in preparing for a successful hunt.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's payload, typically shotgun pellets, at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, usually a large piece of paper, and then measuring the distribution of the pellets. By doing so, hunters can understand how their shotgun will perform in the field, allowing them to adjust their aim and choose the most effective choke and ammunition for their specific hunting needs. This ensures a more humane and efficient harvest, as a well-patterned shotgun increases the likelihood of a clean and quick kill.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances. This process, known as patterning, involves firing the shotgun at a large piece of paper or target to visualize the distribution of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can identify the shotgun's effective range, optimal choke tube, and most suitable ammunition, allowing them to make adjustments for more accurate and humane kills. Patterning also helps hunters to understand their shotgun's performance and make informed decisions about shot selection, ultimately leading to more successful and responsible hunting experiences.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances, typically between 20 to 40 yards. This process, known as patterning, involves firing the shotgun at a large paper target to visualize the distribution of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can identify the shotgun's effective range, optimal choke tube, and suitable ammunition for their specific hunting needs. Patterning helps ensure that the shotgun is functioning as intended, increasing the hunter's chances of a clean and humane harvest, while also reducing the risk of wounding or missing game.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and distribution of pellets at various distances, allowing them to optimize their firearm's performance for specific game and ranges. By firing a shotshell at a paper target, hunters can visualize the pattern of pellets, identifying the effective range and density of the shot. This process helps to ensure a clean and humane harvest, as a well-patterned shotgun increases the likelihood of a quick and fatal shot, reducing the risk of wounding or missing game. Additionally, patterning a shotgun enables hunters to choose the most suitable choke and ammunition combination for their needs, making them more effective and responsible hunters."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

