Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 915593):
Original:     what types of food can you cook sous vide
Reformulated: what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes with precision and ease. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork, and lamb can be cooked to exacting temperatures, resulting in tender and flavorful outcomes. Eggs, too, benefit from sous vide, with perfectly cooked yolks and whites achievable every time. Seafood like salmon, shrimp, and lobster also thrive under sous vide conditions, retaining moisture and delicate flavors. Beyond proteins, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be cooked sous vide to preserve their vibrant colors and crunch. Even desserts are not off-limits, with', 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes with precision and ease. Common foods cooked sous vide include tender cuts of meat such as steak, lamb, and chicken, which emerge cooked to the perfect doneness throughout. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked to desired runniness and firmness. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for delicate fish and seafood, ensuring they are cooked gently without drying out. Vegetables, from asparagus to carrots, can be sous vide cooked to retain their vibrant colors and textures. Even desserts like crème brûlée and cust', 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the precise preparation of a wide range of foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork chops, and lamb can be cooked to exacting doneness, while fish like salmon and cod retain their delicate flavors and textures. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can be cooked to a perfect, creamy consistency. Vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts are also well-suited for sous vide, emerging tender but crisp. Even delicate items like lobster, shrimp, and scallops can be cooked with precision, as can fruits and desserts like crème brûl', 'Sous vide cooking allows for the preparation of a wide variety of dishes, offering precision and consistency. Popular proteins that can be cooked sous vide include eggs, steak, chicken, pork, lamb, and fish, which can be cooked to precise temperatures for optimal doneness. Additionally, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be sous vide cooked to retain their color, texture, and nutrients. Fruits such as apples and pears can also be cooked sous vide to create tender and flavorful desserts. Furthermore, sous vide can be used for reheating and cooking grains like rice, quinoa, and legumes, as well', "Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing home cooks and professional chefs to prepare a wide range of dishes with precision and ease. Common foods cooked sous vide include eggs, which can be cooked to a perfect doneness, and meats such as steak, chicken, and pork, which emerge tender and evenly cooked. Additionally, delicate fish and seafood like salmon and shrimp are well-suited to sous vide, as are vegetables like asparagus and carrots, which retain their vibrant colors and textures. Even desserts like crème brûlée can be cooked sous vide, resulting in a creamy and smooth finish. The method's controlled temperature also makes"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3157, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes with precision and ease. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork, and lamb can be cooked to exacting temperatures, resulting in tender and flavorful outcomes. Eggs, too, benefit from sous vide, with perfectly cooked yolks and whites achievable every time. Seafood like salmon, shrimp, and lobster also thrive under sous vide conditions, retaining moisture and delicate flavors. Beyond proteins, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be cooked sous vide to preserve their vibrant colors and crunch. Even desserts are not off-limits, with', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes with precision and ease. Common foods cooked sous vide include tender cuts of meat such as steak, lamb, and chicken, which emerge cooked to the perfect doneness throughout. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can also be cooked to desired runniness and firmness. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for delicate fish and seafood, ensuring they are cooked gently without drying out. Vegetables, from asparagus to carrots, can be sous vide cooked to retain their vibrant colors and textures. Even desserts like crème brûlée and cust', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the precise preparation of a wide range of foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork chops, and lamb can be cooked to exacting doneness, while fish like salmon and cod retain their delicate flavors and textures. Eggs, both whole and yolks, can be cooked to a perfect, creamy consistency. Vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts are also well-suited for sous vide, emerging tender but crisp. Even delicate items like lobster, shrimp, and scallops can be cooked with precision, as can fruits and desserts like crème brûl', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sous vide cooking allows for the preparation of a wide variety of dishes, offering precision and consistency. Popular proteins that can be cooked sous vide include eggs, steak, chicken, pork, lamb, and fish, which can be cooked to precise temperatures for optimal doneness. Additionally, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be sous vide cooked to retain their color, texture, and nutrients. Fruits such as apples and pears can also be cooked sous vide to create tender and flavorful desserts. Furthermore, sous vide can be used for reheating and cooking grains like rice, quinoa, and legumes, as well', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing home cooks and professional chefs to prepare a wide range of dishes with precision and ease. Common foods cooked sous vide include eggs, which can be cooked to a perfect doneness, and meats such as steak, chicken, and pork, which emerge tender and evenly cooked. Additionally, delicate fish and seafood like salmon and shrimp are well-suited to sous vide, as are vegetables like asparagus and carrots, which retain their vibrant colors and textures. Even desserts like crème brûlée can be cooked sous vide, resulting in a creamy and smooth finish. The method's controlled temperature also makes"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 794429):
Original:     what is sculpture shape space
Reformulated: what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture sh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and interacts with its surroundings. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the sculpture itself, as well as the negative space around and through it. This concept is crucial in understanding the visual and spatial relationships between the artwork, the viewer, and the environment. By considering the shape space of a sculpture, artists can create engaging and dynamic interactions between form, volume, and void, ultimately enhancing the overall impact and experience of the piece.', 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm where sculptors create and manipulate forms to produce aesthetically pleasing and thought-provoking artworks. It encompasses the physical and mental environment in which a sculpture exists, including its volume, scale, texture, and relationship to the surrounding space. The concept of sculpture shape space considers the interplay between the sculptural object, the viewer, and the environment, highlighting the dynamic and interactive nature of three-dimensional art. By exploring and experimenting with sculpture shape space, artists can challenge perceptions, evoke emotions, and create immersive experiences that engage and inspire audiences.', "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and is perceived. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the artwork itself, as well as the surrounding environment that influences its visual and spatial impact. This concept considers the sculptural form's volume, scale, texture, and negative space, interacting with the viewer's movement and perspective to create a dynamic, immersive experience. By manipulating shape, size, and placement, artists can shape the viewer's perception of the artwork and its relationship to the surrounding space, effectively creating an engaging sculptural presence.", "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create and interact with their artwork. This space encompasses not only the physical dimensions of the sculpture itself but also the surrounding environment and the viewer's perspective. It is the realm where sculptors manipulate volume, form, and negative space to convey meaning, evoke emotions, and engage the viewer. Effective use of sculpture shape space allows artists to create dynamic, thought-provoking pieces that transcend their physical boundaries and invite interaction and interpretation.", 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and interacts with its surroundings. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the sculpture itself, as well as the empty or negative space around and within it. This concept is crucial in the creation and perception of sculptural works, as it influences how the piece is viewed, experienced, and interpreted by the viewer. Effective use of shape space can add depth, drama, and emotion to a sculpture, inviting the viewer to engage with the work on a more immersive and dynamic level. By manipulating shape space, sculptors can create complex, thought-provoking,'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 29, 'docs_len': 3171, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and interacts with its surroundings. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the sculpture itself, as well as the negative space around and through it. This concept is crucial in understanding the visual and spatial relationships between the artwork, the viewer, and the environment. By considering the shape space of a sculpture, artists can create engaging and dynamic interactions between form, volume, and void, ultimately enhancing the overall impact and experience of the piece.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm where sculptors create and manipulate forms to produce aesthetically pleasing and thought-provoking artworks. It encompasses the physical and mental environment in which a sculpture exists, including its volume, scale, texture, and relationship to the surrounding space. The concept of sculpture shape space considers the interplay between the sculptural object, the viewer, and the environment, highlighting the dynamic and interactive nature of three-dimensional art. By exploring and experimenting with sculpture shape space, artists can challenge perceptions, evoke emotions, and create immersive experiences that engage and inspire audiences.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and is perceived. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the artwork itself, as well as the surrounding environment that influences its visual and spatial impact. This concept considers the sculptural form's volume, scale, texture, and negative space, interacting with the viewer's movement and perspective to create a dynamic, immersive experience. By manipulating shape, size, and placement, artists can shape the viewer's perception of the artwork and its relationship to the surrounding space, effectively creating an engaging sculptural presence.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create and interact with their artwork. This space encompasses not only the physical dimensions of the sculpture itself but also the surrounding environment and the viewer's perspective. It is the realm where sculptors manipulate volume, form, and negative space to convey meaning, evoke emotions, and engage the viewer. Effective use of sculpture shape space allows artists to create dynamic, thought-provoking pieces that transcend their physical boundaries and invite interaction and interpretation.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists and interacts with its surroundings. It encompasses the physical space occupied by the sculpture itself, as well as the empty or negative space around and within it. This concept is crucial in the creation and perception of sculptural works, as it influences how the piece is viewed, experienced, and interpreted by the viewer. Effective use of shape space can add depth, drama, and emotion to a sculpture, inviting the viewer to engage with the work on a more immersive and dynamic level. By manipulating shape space, sculptors can create complex, thought-provoking,'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 801118):
Original:     what is supplemental security income used for
Reformulated: what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is suppleme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential expenses like rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to pay for other necessities, including transportation, personal care items, and home maintenance. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI helps to ensure that vulnerable populations have a stable source of', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 and older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover living expenses, including rent, utilities, and medical care, as well as other essential costs. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to access other forms of support, such as Medicaid and food assistance programs, to further enhance their overall well-being and quality of life. By providing a safety net, SSI', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program that provides financial assistance to individuals who are disabled, blind, or elderly and have limited income and resources. The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic living expenses, such as food, shelter, clothing, and healthcare. SSI benefits can be used to pay for essential needs like rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care, as well as other necessities like transportation and personal care items. By providing a steady source of income, SSI enables eligible individuals to maintain a minimum level of economic security and independence, allowing them to live with dignity', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic living expenses, such as housing, food, clothing, and healthcare. Eligible recipients use SSI funds to cover essential needs, including rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, grocery expenses, and medical costs. Additionally, SSI benefits can be used to support personal care and daily living activities, enabling recipients to maintain their independence and overall well-being. By providing a safety net, SSI helps vulnerable populations to lead more', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program in the United States designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, clothing, and shelter. The funds can be used for various essential expenses, including rent or mortgage payments, utilities, groceries, medical care, and other necessities. Eligible recipients receive a monthly payment to supplement their existing income, ensuring they have a minimum level of financial stability and can maintain a decent standard of living. By providing this essential support, SSI enables'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 3380, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential expenses like rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to pay for other necessities, including transportation, personal care items, and home maintenance. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI helps to ensure that vulnerable populations have a stable source of', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 and older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover living expenses, including rent, utilities, and medical care, as well as other essential costs. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to access other forms of support, such as Medicaid and food assistance programs, to further enhance their overall well-being and quality of life. By providing a safety net, SSI', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program that provides financial assistance to individuals who are disabled, blind, or elderly and have limited income and resources. The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic living expenses, such as food, shelter, clothing, and healthcare. SSI benefits can be used to pay for essential needs like rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care, as well as other necessities like transportation and personal care items. By providing a steady source of income, SSI enables eligible individuals to maintain a minimum level of economic security and independence, allowing them to live with dignity', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic living expenses, such as housing, food, clothing, and healthcare. Eligible recipients use SSI funds to cover essential needs, including rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, grocery expenses, and medical costs. Additionally, SSI benefits can be used to support personal care and daily living activities, enabling recipients to maintain their independence and overall well-being. By providing a safety net, SSI helps vulnerable populations to lead more', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program in the United States designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, clothing, and shelter. The funds can be used for various essential expenses, including rent or mortgage payments, utilities, groceries, medical care, and other necessities. Eligible recipients receive a monthly payment to supplement their existing income, ensuring they have a minimum level of financial stability and can maintain a decent standard of living. By providing this essential support, SSI enables'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 190044):
Original:     foods to detox liver naturally
Reformulated: foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["To support liver detoxification naturally, incorporating specific foods into your diet can be beneficial. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the bloodstream. Other foods such as garlic, green tea, and turmeric contain compounds that enhance liver function and aid in the elimination of harmful substances. Additionally, foods high in fiber like berries, avocado, and whole grains support the liver's ability to flush out toxins. Cruciferous vegetables, including broccoli and cauliflower, are also known for their liver-detoxifying properties due to their sulfur content. By including these foods in your diet, you can support", "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help naturally support liver detoxification. Leafy green vegetables such as spinach, kale, and collard greens are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which aid in removing toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include sulfur-rich garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes, and citrus fruits like lemons and grapefruits, whose flavonoids enhance liver function. Additionally, green tea, turmeric, and fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut contain compounds that promote liver health and support the body's natural detoxification processes. By consuming these foods regularly, you can", "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the natural detoxification process of the liver. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which aids in removing toxins from the bloodstream. Cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and cauliflower contain sulforaphane, a compound that enhances the liver's ability to remove pollutants. Other foods like garlic, green tea, and turmeric also have natural detoxifying properties that support liver health. Additionally, drinking plenty of water and consuming foods high in fiber, such as apples and carrots, can help stimulate bile production and promote the elimination of toxins. By including these", "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the liver's natural detoxification process. Leafy green vegetables like spinach, kale, and collard greens are rich in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the bloodstream. Other liver-friendly foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate bile production, and sulfur-rich foods like garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes. Additionally, green tea, turmeric, and fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut also have natural detoxifying properties that can aid in liver health. By consuming these foods regularly, you can support your liver's ability to", "A healthy liver is essential for detoxifying the body, and incorporating specific foods into your diet can help support this process. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and fiber, which aid in liver function and promote toxin elimination. Other liver-friendly foods include garlic, which activates liver enzymes, and green tea, which contains catechins that enhance liver cell function. Additionally, consuming foods high in sulfur, such as onions and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli, can also support the liver's natural detoxification processes. By incorporating these foods into your diet, you can help your liver function at its best and support overall health and"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3361, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "To support liver detoxification naturally, incorporating specific foods into your diet can be beneficial. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the bloodstream. Other foods such as garlic, green tea, and turmeric contain compounds that enhance liver function and aid in the elimination of harmful substances. Additionally, foods high in fiber like berries, avocado, and whole grains support the liver's ability to flush out toxins. Cruciferous vegetables, including broccoli and cauliflower, are also known for their liver-detoxifying properties due to their sulfur content. By including these foods in your diet, you can support", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help naturally support liver detoxification. Leafy green vegetables such as spinach, kale, and collard greens are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which aid in removing toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include sulfur-rich garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes, and citrus fruits like lemons and grapefruits, whose flavonoids enhance liver function. Additionally, green tea, turmeric, and fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut contain compounds that promote liver health and support the body's natural detoxification processes. By consuming these foods regularly, you can", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the natural detoxification process of the liver. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in chlorophyll, which aids in removing toxins from the bloodstream. Cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and cauliflower contain sulforaphane, a compound that enhances the liver's ability to remove pollutants. Other foods like garlic, green tea, and turmeric also have natural detoxifying properties that support liver health. Additionally, drinking plenty of water and consuming foods high in fiber, such as apples and carrots, can help stimulate bile production and promote the elimination of toxins. By including these", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the liver's natural detoxification process. Leafy green vegetables like spinach, kale, and collard greens are rich in chlorophyll, which helps remove toxins from the bloodstream. Other liver-friendly foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate bile production, and sulfur-rich foods like garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes. Additionally, green tea, turmeric, and fermented foods like kimchi and sauerkraut also have natural detoxifying properties that can aid in liver health. By consuming these foods regularly, you can support your liver's ability to", 'pseudo_doc_5': "A healthy liver is essential for detoxifying the body, and incorporating specific foods into your diet can help support this process. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and fiber, which aid in liver function and promote toxin elimination. Other liver-friendly foods include garlic, which activates liver enzymes, and green tea, which contains catechins that enhance liver cell function. Additionally, consuming foods high in sulfur, such as onions and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli, can also support the liver's natural detoxification processes. By incorporating these foods into your diet, you can help your liver function at its best and support overall health and"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 451602):
Original:     medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation
Reformulated: medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation refers to the use of a device to support or replace spontaneous breathing in a patient. This life-sustaining therapy is typically reserved for patients with respiratory failure, neuromuscular disease, or other conditions that impair the lungs' ability to take in oxygen and expel carbon dioxide. For Medicare coverage purposes, mechanical ventilation is often defined as the use of a ventilator for at least 24 hours per day, with the goal of maintaining adequate oxygenation and ventilation to sustain life or support recovery. The specifics of Medicare's definition and coverage criteria may vary depending on the individual's condition, medical history", "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a ventilator to support or replace a patient's breathing efforts. To meet Medicare's criteria for coverage, mechanical ventilation must be provided in a setting that requires close monitoring and titration of ventilator settings, such as an intensive care unit (ICU) or a step-down unit. The patient must also have a condition that necessitates the use of a ventilator, such as respiratory failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Medicare may cover mechanical ventilation services when provided by a qualified healthcare professional, including physicians,", "According to Medicare, mechanical ventilation refers to the use of a device to assist or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This life-sustaining treatment is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other acute care setting. Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the delivery of gases into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy tube, using a ventilator, with the goal of supporting or replacing the patient's spontaneous breathing efforts. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) consider mechanical ventilation a critical care service, requiring close monitoring and management by qualified healthcare professionals", 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a life-sustaining treatment that assists or takes over breathing for patients who cannot breathe on their own. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient requires support for at least 24 hours due to a medical condition, such as chronic lung disease, neuromuscular disorder, or acute respiratory failure. The treatment involves the use of a ventilator, a device that delivers oxygen and air into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy tube, to help the patient breathe more easily and maintain adequate oxygenation. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation typically requires a', 'According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to support or take over the breathing process for a patient who is unable to breathe adequately on their own. This life-sustaining therapy is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other critical care setting, where a mechanical ventilator delivers air or oxygen into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy. Medicare considers mechanical ventilation to be a form of respiratory therapy, which may be medically necessary for patients with conditions such as respiratory failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or acute respiratory distress syndrome ('], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 47, 'docs_len': 3507, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation refers to the use of a device to support or replace spontaneous breathing in a patient. This life-sustaining therapy is typically reserved for patients with respiratory failure, neuromuscular disease, or other conditions that impair the lungs' ability to take in oxygen and expel carbon dioxide. For Medicare coverage purposes, mechanical ventilation is often defined as the use of a ventilator for at least 24 hours per day, with the goal of maintaining adequate oxygenation and ventilation to sustain life or support recovery. The specifics of Medicare's definition and coverage criteria may vary depending on the individual's condition, medical history", 'pseudo_doc_2': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a ventilator to support or replace a patient's breathing efforts. To meet Medicare's criteria for coverage, mechanical ventilation must be provided in a setting that requires close monitoring and titration of ventilator settings, such as an intensive care unit (ICU) or a step-down unit. The patient must also have a condition that necessitates the use of a ventilator, such as respiratory failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Medicare may cover mechanical ventilation services when provided by a qualified healthcare professional, including physicians,", 'pseudo_doc_3': "According to Medicare, mechanical ventilation refers to the use of a device to assist or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This life-sustaining treatment is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other acute care setting. Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the delivery of gases into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy tube, using a ventilator, with the goal of supporting or replacing the patient's spontaneous breathing efforts. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) consider mechanical ventilation a critical care service, requiring close monitoring and management by qualified healthcare professionals", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a life-sustaining treatment that assists or takes over breathing for patients who cannot breathe on their own. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient requires support for at least 24 hours due to a medical condition, such as chronic lung disease, neuromuscular disorder, or acute respiratory failure. The treatment involves the use of a ventilator, a device that delivers oxygen and air into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy tube, to help the patient breathe more easily and maintain adequate oxygenation. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation typically requires a', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to support or take over the breathing process for a patient who is unable to breathe adequately on their own. This life-sustaining therapy is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other critical care setting, where a mechanical ventilator delivers air or oxygen into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy. Medicare considers mechanical ventilation to be a form of respiratory therapy, which may be medically necessary for patients with conditions such as respiratory failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or acute respiratory distress syndrome ('}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 177604):
Original:     eating foods that are considered warm
Reformulated: eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foo...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['In many traditional diets, certain foods are considered "warm" due to their perceived ability to generate heat or stimulate digestion in the body. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are believed to increase circulation and metabolism, making them ideal for consumption during colder months or for individuals with slow digestion. In contrast to "cooling" foods like cucumbers and melons, warm foods are often spicy or rich in protein and can help to balance the body\'s energy and promote overall well-being. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals may experience improved digestive health and a natural boost in energy levels.', 'Eating foods that are considered "warm" is a concept rooted in traditional Chinese medicine and other Eastern cultures. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and garlic, are believed to possess innate heat that can help stimulate digestion, boost energy, and warm the body from the inside out. When consumed, warm foods are thought to balance the body\'s internal temperature and dispel coldness, which can lead to improved circulation, reduced inflammation, and enhanced overall well-being. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals can potentially alleviate symptoms associated with coldness, such as fatigue, bloating, and joint pain, and promote', "Eating foods that are considered warm, a concept rooted in traditional Chinese medicine and Ayurvedic practices, is believed to promote digestive health and overall well-being. Warm foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are thought to possess heating properties that stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide energy. Incorporating these foods into one's diet, particularly during colder seasons, may help to balance the body's internal temperature and alleviate symptoms of coldness, such as fatigue and sluggishness. By consuming warm foods in moderation and combining them with cooling foods, individuals can potentially achieve a harmonious balance of thermal energies and support their overall", 'In traditional Chinese medicine and Ayurvedic practices, certain foods are classified as "warm" due to their perceived thermogenic properties, which are believed to increase body heat and stimulate digestion. These warm foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to have invigorating effects and are often consumed to alleviate colds, improve circulation, and boost energy levels. Incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet is also believed to help balance the body\'s internal temperature and promote overall well-being, particularly during colder months or for individuals with certain health conditions.', 'In many cultures, certain foods are considered "warm" due to their perceived ability to generate heat in the body. These foods, often associated with fiery flavors and spices, are believed to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide energy. Examples of warm foods include chili peppers, ginger, garlic, and lamb, which are commonly consumed in traditional cuisines such as Chinese, Indian, and Middle Eastern cooking. Eating warm foods is thought to help balance the body\'s energy, particularly during colder months or for individuals with certain health conditions. However, it\'s essential to note that the concept of warm foods is rooted in traditional practices and may not'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 15, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 3367, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'In many traditional diets, certain foods are considered "warm" due to their perceived ability to generate heat or stimulate digestion in the body. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are believed to increase circulation and metabolism, making them ideal for consumption during colder months or for individuals with slow digestion. In contrast to "cooling" foods like cucumbers and melons, warm foods are often spicy or rich in protein and can help to balance the body\'s energy and promote overall well-being. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals may experience improved digestive health and a natural boost in energy levels.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Eating foods that are considered "warm" is a concept rooted in traditional Chinese medicine and other Eastern cultures. These foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and garlic, are believed to possess innate heat that can help stimulate digestion, boost energy, and warm the body from the inside out. When consumed, warm foods are thought to balance the body\'s internal temperature and dispel coldness, which can lead to improved circulation, reduced inflammation, and enhanced overall well-being. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals can potentially alleviate symptoms associated with coldness, such as fatigue, bloating, and joint pain, and promote', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Eating foods that are considered warm, a concept rooted in traditional Chinese medicine and Ayurvedic practices, is believed to promote digestive health and overall well-being. Warm foods, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, are thought to possess heating properties that stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide energy. Incorporating these foods into one's diet, particularly during colder seasons, may help to balance the body's internal temperature and alleviate symptoms of coldness, such as fatigue and sluggishness. By consuming warm foods in moderation and combining them with cooling foods, individuals can potentially achieve a harmonious balance of thermal energies and support their overall", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'In traditional Chinese medicine and Ayurvedic practices, certain foods are classified as "warm" due to their perceived thermogenic properties, which are believed to increase body heat and stimulate digestion. These warm foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to have invigorating effects and are often consumed to alleviate colds, improve circulation, and boost energy levels. Incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet is also believed to help balance the body\'s internal temperature and promote overall well-being, particularly during colder months or for individuals with certain health conditions.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'In many cultures, certain foods are considered "warm" due to their perceived ability to generate heat in the body. These foods, often associated with fiery flavors and spices, are believed to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide energy. Examples of warm foods include chili peppers, ginger, garlic, and lamb, which are commonly consumed in traditional cuisines such as Chinese, Indian, and Middle Eastern cooking. Eating warm foods is thought to help balance the body\'s energy, particularly during colder months or for individuals with certain health conditions. However, it\'s essential to note that the concept of warm foods is rooted in traditional practices and may not'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 966413):
Original:     where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement?
Reformulated: where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supp...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Cinnamon has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar levels, with studies indicating that it can help to lower glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help to reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain types of cancer. It also has antioxidant properties, which can help to protect against cell damage and promote overall health. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial properties, making it effective against certain types of bacteria and fungi, and may also have cognitive benefits, with some studies suggesting that', "Research has shown that cinnamon, as a supplement, offers numerous health benefits. The benefits of cinnamon can be found in its ability to help regulate blood sugar levels, reduce inflammation, and improve heart health by lowering cholesterol and triglyceride levels. Additionally, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial properties, which can aid in digestive health and support the immune system. Furthermore, cinnamon has been shown to have antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as cancer and neurodegenerative disorders. Overall, incorporating cinnamon as a supplement into one's diet can have a positive impact on overall health and", "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous, with potential advantages for blood sugar control, weight management, and heart health. Consuming cinnamon supplements has been shown to lower blood glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a promising natural remedy for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon's antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties may help reduce inflammation and oxidative stress, which can contribute to chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain cancers. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's diet as a supplement may offer a natural and effective way to support overall health and wellbeing, although it is essential to consult with a healthcare professional before adding any new supplements", "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Consuming cinnamon as a dietary supplement has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar levels, with some studies suggesting it can lower glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of chronic diseases like heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to support digestive health, reducing symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's", "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous, with research indicating its potential to lower blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a promising adjunct treatment for type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. Its antioxidant properties can also contribute to heart health by reducing triglycerides and LDL cholesterol levels, potentially lowering the risk of cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, cinnamon may aid in weight management by suppressing appetite and enhancing metabolism, although more studies are needed to confirm its efficacy in this area. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's diet"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 51, 'docs_len': 3781, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Cinnamon has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar levels, with studies indicating that it can help to lower glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help to reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain types of cancer. It also has antioxidant properties, which can help to protect against cell damage and promote overall health. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial properties, making it effective against certain types of bacteria and fungi, and may also have cognitive benefits, with some studies suggesting that', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Research has shown that cinnamon, as a supplement, offers numerous health benefits. The benefits of cinnamon can be found in its ability to help regulate blood sugar levels, reduce inflammation, and improve heart health by lowering cholesterol and triglyceride levels. Additionally, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial properties, which can aid in digestive health and support the immune system. Furthermore, cinnamon has been shown to have antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as cancer and neurodegenerative disorders. Overall, incorporating cinnamon as a supplement into one's diet can have a positive impact on overall health and", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous, with potential advantages for blood sugar control, weight management, and heart health. Consuming cinnamon supplements has been shown to lower blood glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a promising natural remedy for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon's antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties may help reduce inflammation and oxidative stress, which can contribute to chronic diseases such as heart disease and certain cancers. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's diet as a supplement may offer a natural and effective way to support overall health and wellbeing, although it is essential to consult with a healthcare professional before adding any new supplements", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Consuming cinnamon as a dietary supplement has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar levels, with some studies suggesting it can lower glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of chronic diseases like heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to support digestive health, reducing symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous, with research indicating its potential to lower blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a promising adjunct treatment for type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which may help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. Its antioxidant properties can also contribute to heart health by reducing triglycerides and LDL cholesterol levels, potentially lowering the risk of cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, cinnamon may aid in weight management by suppressing appetite and enhancing metabolism, although more studies are needed to confirm its efficacy in this area. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's diet"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 588587):
Original:     what causes heavy metal toxins in your body
Reformulated: what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including contaminated food and water, environmental pollution, and exposure to industrial or consumer products. Common sources of heavy metal exposure include lead-based paints, mercury-filled thermometers and fluorescent light bulbs, and arsenic-treated wood. Additionally, foods such as shellfish, rice, and certain types of fish can contain high levels of heavy metals like mercury, lead, and cadmium. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can occur through inhalation, ingestion, or skin contact, leading to their buildup in the body's tissues and potentially causing a range of health problems, from neurological damage", 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, primarily due to environmental and lifestyle factors. Exposure to polluted air, contaminated water, and tainted food are common sources of heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, certain occupations, such as mining or construction, and hobbies like fishing in polluted waters, can increase the risk of exposure. Furthermore, the use of certain products, including old paint, pesticides, and some types of cookware, can also lead to the ingestion or inhalation of heavy metals. When these toxins enter the body, they can settle in organs and tissues, potentially causing a range of health', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and certain consumer products. Prolonged exposure to pollutants such as lead from outdated pipes, mercury from fish and shellfish, and cadmium from industrial emissions can lead to toxic buildup. Additionally, everyday items like cosmetics, cookware, and vaping products may contain heavy metals like arsenic, chromium, and nickel, which can be absorbed through skin contact or inhalation. Furthermore, occupational exposure in industries such as mining, smelting, and construction can also contribute to heavy metal toxicity. As these toxins accumulate, they can', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various sources, including contaminated food and water, environmental pollution, and certain consumer products. Exposure to mercury, lead, and arsenic can occur through the consumption of fish from polluted waters, old lead-based paints, and pesticides. Cadmium and chromium can be found in tobacco smoke, industrial waste, and some types of plastic. Additionally, some medical and dental procedures, such as dental fillings and implants, can also introduce heavy metals into the body. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can lead to a range of health problems, including neurological damage, organ damage, and increased risk of', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various sources, including contaminated food and water, polluted air, and exposure to certain consumer products. Common culprits include mercury from fish and shellfish, lead from old paint and pipes, cadmium from cigarette smoke and industrial emissions, and arsenic from pesticides and some types of rice. Additionally, certain occupations, such as mining, smelting, and construction, can increase the risk of heavy metal exposure. Even everyday items like cosmetics, jewelry, and cookware can contain heavy metals like lead, mercury, and chromium, which can leach into the body through skin contact or ingestion'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3415, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including contaminated food and water, environmental pollution, and exposure to industrial or consumer products. Common sources of heavy metal exposure include lead-based paints, mercury-filled thermometers and fluorescent light bulbs, and arsenic-treated wood. Additionally, foods such as shellfish, rice, and certain types of fish can contain high levels of heavy metals like mercury, lead, and cadmium. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can occur through inhalation, ingestion, or skin contact, leading to their buildup in the body's tissues and potentially causing a range of health problems, from neurological damage", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, primarily due to environmental and lifestyle factors. Exposure to polluted air, contaminated water, and tainted food are common sources of heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, certain occupations, such as mining or construction, and hobbies like fishing in polluted waters, can increase the risk of exposure. Furthermore, the use of certain products, including old paint, pesticides, and some types of cookware, can also lead to the ingestion or inhalation of heavy metals. When these toxins enter the body, they can settle in organs and tissues, potentially causing a range of health', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and certain consumer products. Prolonged exposure to pollutants such as lead from outdated pipes, mercury from fish and shellfish, and cadmium from industrial emissions can lead to toxic buildup. Additionally, everyday items like cosmetics, cookware, and vaping products may contain heavy metals like arsenic, chromium, and nickel, which can be absorbed through skin contact or inhalation. Furthermore, occupational exposure in industries such as mining, smelting, and construction can also contribute to heavy metal toxicity. As these toxins accumulate, they can', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various sources, including contaminated food and water, environmental pollution, and certain consumer products. Exposure to mercury, lead, and arsenic can occur through the consumption of fish from polluted waters, old lead-based paints, and pesticides. Cadmium and chromium can be found in tobacco smoke, industrial waste, and some types of plastic. Additionally, some medical and dental procedures, such as dental fillings and implants, can also introduce heavy metals into the body. Prolonged exposure to these toxins can lead to a range of health problems, including neurological damage, organ damage, and increased risk of', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various sources, including contaminated food and water, polluted air, and exposure to certain consumer products. Common culprits include mercury from fish and shellfish, lead from old paint and pipes, cadmium from cigarette smoke and industrial emissions, and arsenic from pesticides and some types of rice. Additionally, certain occupations, such as mining, smelting, and construction, can increase the risk of heavy metal exposure. Even everyday items like cosmetics, jewelry, and cookware can contain heavy metals like lead, mercury, and chromium, which can leach into the body through skin contact or ingestion'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1108939):
Original:     what slows down the flow of blood
Reformulated: what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is the narrowing or hardening of blood vessels, also known as atherosclerosis, which reduces the space through which blood can flow. Additionally, blood clots and plaque buildup can also impede blood flow by obstructing the pathway. Furthermore, high blood pressure and high blood viscosity, which is the thickness and stickiness of blood, can also contribute to slowed blood flow. Other factors such as poor circulation, inflammation, and certain medical conditions like varicose veins can also have a significant impact on the flow of blood, potentially leading to various health issues', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is increased blood viscosity, which occurs when the blood becomes thicker due to high red blood cell count or increased levels of certain proteins. Additionally, narrow or blocked blood vessels, often caused by atherosclerosis or blood clots, can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, decreased blood pressure, which can be a result of dehydration, blood loss, or certain medications, can also slow down blood circulation. Other factors such as cold temperatures, certain medical conditions like hypothyroidism, and prolonged periods of inactivity can also contribute to reduced blood flow.', 'The flow of blood in the body can be slowed down by several factors, including increased blood viscosity, or thickness, which makes it more difficult for the heart to pump blood efficiently. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, often caused by the buildup of plaque or blood clots, can also impede blood flow. Additionally, conditions such as high blood pressure and atherosclerosis can lead to the hardening and narrowing of blood vessels, further reducing blood flow. Furthermore, external factors like cold temperatures and dehydration can also cause blood vessels to constrict, slowing down the flow of blood to various parts of the body.', 'The flow of blood through blood vessels can be slowed down by various factors, including increased blood viscosity, vascular narrowing, and external compression. Increased blood viscosity, which refers to the thickness and stickiness of blood, can occur due to dehydration, high blood pressure, or conditions such as polycythemia. Vascular narrowing, on the other hand, can be caused by the buildup of plaque in the arteries, known as atherosclerosis, or by blood clots. External compression, such as that caused by a tourniquet or a blood pressure cuff, can also impede blood flow by physically constricting the blood vessels', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One primary factor is blood viscosity, which increases when red blood cell count or blood lipid levels are high, making blood thicker and harder to circulate. Additionally, narrowed or obstructed blood vessels, often due to atherosclerosis or blood clots, can impede blood flow. Other factors such as low blood pressure, cold temperatures, and certain medications can also contribute to reduced blood flow, while conditions like hypertension can lead to vascular resistance, further slowing down the movement of blood through the vascular system.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 33, 'docs_len': 3210, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is the narrowing or hardening of blood vessels, also known as atherosclerosis, which reduces the space through which blood can flow. Additionally, blood clots and plaque buildup can also impede blood flow by obstructing the pathway. Furthermore, high blood pressure and high blood viscosity, which is the thickness and stickiness of blood, can also contribute to slowed blood flow. Other factors such as poor circulation, inflammation, and certain medical conditions like varicose veins can also have a significant impact on the flow of blood, potentially leading to various health issues', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is increased blood viscosity, which occurs when the blood becomes thicker due to high red blood cell count or increased levels of certain proteins. Additionally, narrow or blocked blood vessels, often caused by atherosclerosis or blood clots, can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, decreased blood pressure, which can be a result of dehydration, blood loss, or certain medications, can also slow down blood circulation. Other factors such as cold temperatures, certain medical conditions like hypothyroidism, and prolonged periods of inactivity can also contribute to reduced blood flow.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The flow of blood in the body can be slowed down by several factors, including increased blood viscosity, or thickness, which makes it more difficult for the heart to pump blood efficiently. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, often caused by the buildup of plaque or blood clots, can also impede blood flow. Additionally, conditions such as high blood pressure and atherosclerosis can lead to the hardening and narrowing of blood vessels, further reducing blood flow. Furthermore, external factors like cold temperatures and dehydration can also cause blood vessels to constrict, slowing down the flow of blood to various parts of the body.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The flow of blood through blood vessels can be slowed down by various factors, including increased blood viscosity, vascular narrowing, and external compression. Increased blood viscosity, which refers to the thickness and stickiness of blood, can occur due to dehydration, high blood pressure, or conditions such as polycythemia. Vascular narrowing, on the other hand, can be caused by the buildup of plaque in the arteries, known as atherosclerosis, or by blood clots. External compression, such as that caused by a tourniquet or a blood pressure cuff, can also impede blood flow by physically constricting the blood vessels', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One primary factor is blood viscosity, which increases when red blood cell count or blood lipid levels are high, making blood thicker and harder to circulate. Additionally, narrowed or obstructed blood vessels, often due to atherosclerosis or blood clots, can impede blood flow. Other factors such as low blood pressure, cold temperatures, and certain medications can also contribute to reduced blood flow, while conditions like hypertension can lead to vascular resistance, further slowing down the movement of blood through the vascular system.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 507445):
Original:     symptoms of different types of brain bleeds
Reformulated: symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different ty...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, often presents with sudden and severe headache, confusion, seizures, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space surrounding the brain, typically causes a sudden, severe headache, vomiting, and a stiff neck, while an epidural hemorrhage, located between the brain's outer membrane and the skull, may lead to headache, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. Additionally", 'Brain bleeds, also known as intracranial hemorrhages, can manifest with varying symptoms depending on the type and location of the bleed. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, may cause sudden, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light. Intraparenchymal hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, can lead to symptoms such as weakness, numbness, or paralysis of the face, arm, or leg, as well as difficulty with speech or vision. An epidural hemorrhage, which occurs between the skull and the outer', 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can be classified into several types, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, often manifests as sudden and severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs in the space surrounding the brain, typically presents with a "thunderclap" headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. Meanwhile, a subdural hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and its outer covering, may cause symptoms such as', "Brain bleeds, also known as intracranial hemorrhages, can manifest in different forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headache, confusion, vomiting, and decreased consciousness. Subarachnoid hemorrhage, characterized by bleeding into the space surrounding the brain, can cause a sudden, extremely painful headache, often described as 'the worst headache of my life', accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light. An epidural hemorrhage, typically resulting from a head injury, may lead to rapid deterioration, including loss of", 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can be categorized into different types depending on the location and cause. Symptoms vary accordingly. Intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and decreased consciousness. Subarachnoid hemorrhage, located between the brain and its outer membrane, typically causes a "thunderclap headache," sensitivity to light, and stiffness in the neck. Epidural hemorrhage, situated between the skull and the outermost membrane covering the brain, may result in a loss of consciousness, seizures, and weakness or paralysis'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3070, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, often presents with sudden and severe headache, confusion, seizures, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space surrounding the brain, typically causes a sudden, severe headache, vomiting, and a stiff neck, while an epidural hemorrhage, located between the brain's outer membrane and the skull, may lead to headache, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. Additionally", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Brain bleeds, also known as intracranial hemorrhages, can manifest with varying symptoms depending on the type and location of the bleed. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, may cause sudden, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light. Intraparenchymal hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, can lead to symptoms such as weakness, numbness, or paralysis of the face, arm, or leg, as well as difficulty with speech or vision. An epidural hemorrhage, which occurs between the skull and the outer', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can be classified into several types, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue itself, often manifests as sudden and severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs in the space surrounding the brain, typically presents with a "thunderclap" headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. Meanwhile, a subdural hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and its outer covering, may cause symptoms such as', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Brain bleeds, also known as intracranial hemorrhages, can manifest in different forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headache, confusion, vomiting, and decreased consciousness. Subarachnoid hemorrhage, characterized by bleeding into the space surrounding the brain, can cause a sudden, extremely painful headache, often described as 'the worst headache of my life', accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light. An epidural hemorrhage, typically resulting from a head injury, may lead to rapid deterioration, including loss of", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can be categorized into different types depending on the location and cause. Symptoms vary accordingly. Intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and decreased consciousness. Subarachnoid hemorrhage, located between the brain and its outer membrane, typically causes a "thunderclap headache," sensitivity to light, and stiffness in the neck. Epidural hemorrhage, situated between the skull and the outermost membrane covering the brain, may result in a loss of consciousness, seizures, and weakness or paralysis'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

