Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: QALD2_te-67):
Original:     Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Reformulated: Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I? Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I? Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I? Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The wife of Juan Carlos I was Queen Sofía of Spain. Her parents were Prince Christopher of Greece and Denmark and Princess Frederica of Hanover. Prince Christopher was a son of King George I of Greece, while Princess Frederica was a granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom.', 'The parents of Queen Sofía, the wife of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, were Infante Antonio, Count of Barcelona, and Doña María de las Mercedes de los Ángeles, Princess of Gravina. Infante Antonio was the youngest son of King Alfonso XIII and Countess Victoria deHBoxLayout{width:20px}Aranjuez.', 'The parents of Queen Sofía of Spain (wife of King Juan Carlos I) were Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, and Princess Maria de las Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. Infante Juan and his wife,公主梅塞德丝公主，是西班牙国王胡安·卡洛斯一世之妻索菲亚王后的父母。Infante Juan是巴塞罗那公爵的继承人，而公主梅塞德丝来自两西西里 Bourbon-Two Sicilies 家族。', 'The parents of Queen Sofía, the wife of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, were Infante Jaime, Count of Barcelona, and Doña Maria de las Mercedes de Orleans y Borbón. Infante Jaime was the youngest son of King Alfonso XIII of Spain, while Doña Maria was a princess from the House of Orleans in France.', 'The parents of Queen Sofía of Spain (the wife of King Juan Carlos I) were Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, and Doña Elena of Montenegro. Infante Juan was the second son of King Alfonso XIII and María de las Mercedes de Borbón y Silva. Doña Elena was the daughter of Prince Nicholas of Montenegro and Archduchess Elisabeth of Austria.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 49, 'docs_len': 1494, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The wife of Juan Carlos I was Queen Sofía of Spain. Her parents were Prince Christopher of Greece and Denmark and Princess Frederica of Hanover. Prince Christopher was a son of King George I of Greece, while Princess Frederica was a granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The parents of Queen Sofía, the wife of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, were Infante Antonio, Count of Barcelona, and Doña María de las Mercedes de los Ángeles, Princess of Gravina. Infante Antonio was the youngest son of King Alfonso XIII and Countess Victoria deHBoxLayout{width:20px}Aranjuez.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The parents of Queen Sofía of Spain (wife of King Juan Carlos I) were Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, and Princess Maria de las Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. Infante Juan and his wife,公主梅塞德丝公主，是西班牙国王胡安·卡洛斯一世之妻索菲亚王后的父母。Infante Juan是巴塞罗那公爵的继承人，而公主梅塞德丝来自两西西里 Bourbon-Two Sicilies 家族。', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The parents of Queen Sofía, the wife of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, were Infante Jaime, Count of Barcelona, and Doña Maria de las Mercedes de Orleans y Borbón. Infante Jaime was the youngest son of King Alfonso XIII of Spain, while Doña Maria was a princess from the House of Orleans in France.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The parents of Queen Sofía of Spain (the wife of King Juan Carlos I) were Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, and Doña Elena of Montenegro. Infante Juan was the second son of King Alfonso XIII and María de las Mercedes de Borbón y Silva. Doña Elena was the daughter of Prince Nicholas of Montenegro and Archduchess Elisabeth of Austria.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: QALD2_te-60):
Original:     Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
Reformulated: Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark. Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark. Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark. Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark. Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark. ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Denmark has several notable lakes, with the largest being Lake Arresø, covering approximately 10.4 square kilometers. Other significant lakes include Lake Esrum (3.85 km²), Lake Hjørring (3.62 km²), and Lake Risskov (3.19 km²). These lakes are primarily located in central and eastern Denmark and play important roles in the local ecosystem and recreational activities for residents and visitors.', 'Denmark has several notable lakes, with the largest being Lake Esrum (Esrum Sø) in Region Zealand, which covers an area of about 176 hectares. Other significant lakes include Lake Hjälmaren (Hjälmarsjön) near Hjørring in Northern Jutland, covering approximately 128 hectares. Lake Rissager (Rissagers Sø) in Central Jutland is another major lake, spanning around 123 hectares. These lakes, along with smaller bodies of water like Skagen Fjord and Lake Gårdso (Gå', 'Denmark has several notable lakes, the largest being Lake Arresø (42 km²) located in the western part of Zealand. Other significant lakes include Store Gylling Lake (25.6 km²) and Ryskevælde Mose (18.3 km²), both situated in the eastern part of the country. Smaller lakes like Skovssøen and Løvsmoeren are also popular for recreational activities such as fishing and boating. These lakes play a crucial role in the local ecosystem and are integral to the Danish landscape.', 'Denmark has several notable lakes, with the largest being Lake Mols Lagoon (Mols Lægter) on the island of Møn, which covers an area of about 28 square kilometers. Other significant lakes include Lake Arresø (Arresø), located near the town of Kolding, covering approximately 10 square kilometers, and Lake Esrum (Esrum Sø) near Copenhagen, which spans about 7 square kilometers. These lakes play important roles in the local ecosystems and offer recreational opportunities for visitors and locals alike.', "Denmark has several notable lakes, including Lake Arresø, which is the largest artificial lake in Northern Europe. Other significant lakes include Lake Esbjerg, located near the Wadden Sea, and Lake Gedske, known for its scenic beauty. Additionally, Lake Vilsø and Lake Nissum are popular among local residents and tourists for their natural landscapes and recreational activities. These lakes contribute significantly to Denmark's diverse geography and serve as important habitats for various flora and fauna."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 39, 'docs_len': 2346, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Denmark has several notable lakes, with the largest being Lake Arresø, covering approximately 10.4 square kilometers. Other significant lakes include Lake Esrum (3.85 km²), Lake Hjørring (3.62 km²), and Lake Risskov (3.19 km²). These lakes are primarily located in central and eastern Denmark and play important roles in the local ecosystem and recreational activities for residents and visitors.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Denmark has several notable lakes, with the largest being Lake Esrum (Esrum Sø) in Region Zealand, which covers an area of about 176 hectares. Other significant lakes include Lake Hjälmaren (Hjälmarsjön) near Hjørring in Northern Jutland, covering approximately 128 hectares. Lake Rissager (Rissagers Sø) in Central Jutland is another major lake, spanning around 123 hectares. These lakes, along with smaller bodies of water like Skagen Fjord and Lake Gårdso (Gå', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Denmark has several notable lakes, the largest being Lake Arresø (42 km²) located in the western part of Zealand. Other significant lakes include Store Gylling Lake (25.6 km²) and Ryskevælde Mose (18.3 km²), both situated in the eastern part of the country. Smaller lakes like Skovssøen and Løvsmoeren are also popular for recreational activities such as fishing and boating. These lakes play a crucial role in the local ecosystem and are integral to the Danish landscape.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Denmark has several notable lakes, with the largest being Lake Mols Lagoon (Mols Lægter) on the island of Møn, which covers an area of about 28 square kilometers. Other significant lakes include Lake Arresø (Arresø), located near the town of Kolding, covering approximately 10 square kilometers, and Lake Esrum (Esrum Sø) near Copenhagen, which spans about 7 square kilometers. These lakes play important roles in the local ecosystems and offer recreational opportunities for visitors and locals alike.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Denmark has several notable lakes, including Lake Arresø, which is the largest artificial lake in Northern Europe. Other significant lakes include Lake Esbjerg, located near the Wadden Sea, and Lake Gedske, known for its scenic beauty. Additionally, Lake Vilsø and Lake Nissum are popular among local residents and tourists for their natural landscapes and recreational activities. These lakes contribute significantly to Denmark's diverse geography and serve as important habitats for various flora and fauna."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: QALD2_te-63):
Original:     Give me all Argentine films.
Reformulated: Give me all Argentine films. Give me all Argentine films. Give me all Argentine films. Give me all Argentine films. Give me all Argentine films. Give me all Argentine films. Give me all Argentine film...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Argentine films span various genres and styles, reflecting the country\'s rich cultural heritage. Notable directors like Luis García Berlanga and Miguel Angel Falque have contributed to the international recognition of Argentine cinema. Key films include "La Hora de los Hornos" (1965) by Berlanga, which critiques social and political issues, and "Bajo la misma estrella" (Under the Same Star) (2011) by Pablo Trapero, a drama exploring drug trafficking. Modern Argentine cinema also includes the acclaimed "El secreto de Susana" (The Secret of Susana) (20', 'Argentina has a rich film industry known for its distinctive style and social themes. Notable Argentine films include "La Historia Official" (1985) by Luis Puenzo, which explores political repression during the Dirty War. Other renowned films are "El Topo" (1970) and "Tenebrae" (1984) by Alejandro Jodorowsky, blending surrealism with social critique. More recent hits like "El Norte" (1983), directed by Patricia Cardoso, focus on immigration and social issues. Argentine cinema often reflects the country\'s history and cultural identity,', 'Argentine cinema has a rich history and has produced numerous notable films. Key genres include drama, social commentary, and historical epics. Notable directors such as Luis Puenzo, who directed "Evita," and Pablo Trapero, known for works like "Nine Queens" and "Obra Social," have gained international recognition. Argentine films often explore themes of identity, political history, and social issues, reflecting the country\'s cultural and historical context. Some popular Argentine films include "La Cumparsita" (1954), "El Secreto de Sus Ojos" (2009), and "El', 'Certainly! Here\'s a concise and informative passage about Argentine films:\n\nArgentine cinema has a rich history dating back to the early 20th century. Notable films include "La historia oficial" (1985) by Carlos Sorin, which addressed political repression during the Dirty War. More recently, films like "Bajo el mismo cielo" (Under the Same Sky, 2007) and "La vida es un sueño" (Life is a Dream, 2013) have gained international recognition. Argentine filmmakers often explore themes of social injustice, political corruption, and cultural identity. Some', 'Certainly! Here\'s a concise and informative passage about Argentine films:\n\nArgentine cinema has a rich history dating back to the early 20th century. Notable filmmakers include Luis Buñuel, whose surrealist works have gained international acclaim. More recent notable films include "La Ciénaga" (2001) directed by Lucrecia Martel, which explores the lives of a family in rural Argentina, and "El Búho" (2014), directed by Juan José Campanella, which delves into corruption and violence. Argentine films often address social and political issues, reflecting the country\'s complex'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 28, 'docs_len': 2797, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Argentine films span various genres and styles, reflecting the country\'s rich cultural heritage. Notable directors like Luis García Berlanga and Miguel Angel Falque have contributed to the international recognition of Argentine cinema. Key films include "La Hora de los Hornos" (1965) by Berlanga, which critiques social and political issues, and "Bajo la misma estrella" (Under the Same Star) (2011) by Pablo Trapero, a drama exploring drug trafficking. Modern Argentine cinema also includes the acclaimed "El secreto de Susana" (The Secret of Susana) (20', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Argentina has a rich film industry known for its distinctive style and social themes. Notable Argentine films include "La Historia Official" (1985) by Luis Puenzo, which explores political repression during the Dirty War. Other renowned films are "El Topo" (1970) and "Tenebrae" (1984) by Alejandro Jodorowsky, blending surrealism with social critique. More recent hits like "El Norte" (1983), directed by Patricia Cardoso, focus on immigration and social issues. Argentine cinema often reflects the country\'s history and cultural identity,', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Argentine cinema has a rich history and has produced numerous notable films. Key genres include drama, social commentary, and historical epics. Notable directors such as Luis Puenzo, who directed "Evita," and Pablo Trapero, known for works like "Nine Queens" and "Obra Social," have gained international recognition. Argentine films often explore themes of identity, political history, and social issues, reflecting the country\'s cultural and historical context. Some popular Argentine films include "La Cumparsita" (1954), "El Secreto de Sus Ojos" (2009), and "El', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Certainly! Here\'s a concise and informative passage about Argentine films:\n\nArgentine cinema has a rich history dating back to the early 20th century. Notable films include "La historia oficial" (1985) by Carlos Sorin, which addressed political repression during the Dirty War. More recently, films like "Bajo el mismo cielo" (Under the Same Sky, 2007) and "La vida es un sueño" (Life is a Dream, 2013) have gained international recognition. Argentine filmmakers often explore themes of social injustice, political corruption, and cultural identity. Some', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Certainly! Here\'s a concise and informative passage about Argentine films:\n\nArgentine cinema has a rich history dating back to the early 20th century. Notable filmmakers include Luis Buñuel, whose surrealist works have gained international acclaim. More recent notable films include "La Ciénaga" (2001) directed by Lucrecia Martel, which explores the lives of a family in rural Argentina, and "El Búho" (2014), directed by Juan José Campanella, which delves into corruption and violence. Argentine films often address social and political issues, reflecting the country\'s complex'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: QALD2_te-64):
Original:     Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Reformulated: Give me all launch pads operated by NASA. Give me all launch pads operated by NASA. Give me all launch pads operated by NASA. Give me all launch pads operated by NASA. Give me all launch pads operated...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['NASA operates several launch pads across its centers. The primary facilities include Kennedy Space Center in Florida, where the famous Launch Complex 39 (LC-39) has been used for Apollo missions and recent commercial crew flights. Additionally, Vandenberg Space Force Base in California hosts Space Launch Complex 4E for launches of weather and spy satellites. NASA also utilizes Pad 0A at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station for certain SpaceX commercial resupply missions. Lastly, NASA collaborates with international partners like Arianespace at Guiana Space Center in French Guiana for its Explorer Program missions.', "NASA operates several launch pads across its facilities. The primary launch complexes include Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which houses Pad 39A and 39B, used for Space Shuttle and current crewed missions like those launched from SpaceX's Crew Dragon. Vandenberg Space Force Base in California features Space Launch Complex 4E for launching polar-orbiting weather and climate satellites. Additionally, NASA uses Pad 0A and 0B at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station for various commercial and government launches. These facilities support a wide range of missions, from human spaceflight to scientific research and technology demonstrations.", "NASA operates several launch pads across various space centers. The primary facilities include Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which hosts Launch Complex 39A and B; Vandenberg Space Force Base in California, featuring Space Launch Complex 4E and 3E; and NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, with Pad 0A. Each facility is designed for specific types of missions, ranging from crewed spaceflights to launches of scientific satellites and cargo resupply missions.", 'NASA operates several launch pads across various space centers. The primary launch facilities include Kennedy Space Center in Florida (with Launch Pads 39A and 39B), Cape Canaveral Space Force Station (home to Pad 39C and other historic sites), Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia (with Launch Pad 0A), and Vandenberg Space Force Base in California (featuring Space Launch Complex 4E). Each facility serves specific mission requirements, from crewed spacecraft to various scientific and commercial launches.', 'NASA operates several launch pads across its facilities. The primary launch complexes are located at Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which includes Pad 39A and Pad 39B, used for Space Shuttle missions and future crewed and uncrewed launches. At Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, SLC-40 and SLC-41 are used for SpaceX Falcon 9 and United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket launches. Additionally, Vandenberg Space Force Base hosts SLC-4E for rocket launches, primarily for satellite deployments into polar orbits.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 2751, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'NASA operates several launch pads across its centers. The primary facilities include Kennedy Space Center in Florida, where the famous Launch Complex 39 (LC-39) has been used for Apollo missions and recent commercial crew flights. Additionally, Vandenberg Space Force Base in California hosts Space Launch Complex 4E for launches of weather and spy satellites. NASA also utilizes Pad 0A at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station for certain SpaceX commercial resupply missions. Lastly, NASA collaborates with international partners like Arianespace at Guiana Space Center in French Guiana for its Explorer Program missions.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "NASA operates several launch pads across its facilities. The primary launch complexes include Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which houses Pad 39A and 39B, used for Space Shuttle and current crewed missions like those launched from SpaceX's Crew Dragon. Vandenberg Space Force Base in California features Space Launch Complex 4E for launching polar-orbiting weather and climate satellites. Additionally, NASA uses Pad 0A and 0B at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station for various commercial and government launches. These facilities support a wide range of missions, from human spaceflight to scientific research and technology demonstrations.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "NASA operates several launch pads across various space centers. The primary facilities include Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which hosts Launch Complex 39A and B; Vandenberg Space Force Base in California, featuring Space Launch Complex 4E and 3E; and NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, with Pad 0A. Each facility is designed for specific types of missions, ranging from crewed spaceflights to launches of scientific satellites and cargo resupply missions.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'NASA operates several launch pads across various space centers. The primary launch facilities include Kennedy Space Center in Florida (with Launch Pads 39A and 39B), Cape Canaveral Space Force Station (home to Pad 39C and other historic sites), Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia (with Launch Pad 0A), and Vandenberg Space Force Base in California (featuring Space Launch Complex 4E). Each facility serves specific mission requirements, from crewed spacecraft to various scientific and commercial launches.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'NASA operates several launch pads across its facilities. The primary launch complexes are located at Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which includes Pad 39A and Pad 39B, used for Space Shuttle missions and future crewed and uncrewed launches. At Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, SLC-40 and SLC-41 are used for SpaceX Falcon 9 and United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket launches. Additionally, Vandenberg Space Force Base hosts SLC-4E for rocket launches, primarily for satellite deployments into polar orbits.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: QALD2_te-65):
Original:     Which instruments did John Lennon play?
Reformulated: Which instruments did John Lennon play? Which instruments did John Lennon play? Which instruments did John Lennon play? Which instruments did John Lennon play? Which instruments did John Lennon play? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['John Lennon was proficient in several musical instruments throughout his career. He primarily played the acoustic and electric guitar, contributing significantly to The Beatles\' sound. Additionally, he mastered the banjo, which he used notably during the "Revolver" era, and occasionally played the piano for both songwriting and live performances. Lennon also experimented with the harmonica, adding distinctive solos to tracks like "I\'m Happy Just to Dance with You.', 'John Lennon was primarily known for his skills as a guitarist. He played rhythm guitar in the early days of The Beatles and later switched to lead guitar, often using a Rickenbacker 325 and a Fender Stratocaster. Lennon also mastered the banjo, which he used during the "Bedrockology" album. Additionally, he occasionally played harmonica, most notably in the song "I\'m a Loser." Lennon was versatile, though his primary instruments were the guitar and vocals.', 'John Lennon was primarily known for his skills on the guitar and the harmonica. He started with the banjo and ukulele as a teenager but quickly shifted to the guitar, which he played throughout his career in The Beatles and solo projects. Lennon was also proficient with the harmonica, using it in several Beatles songs, most notably in "I\'m a King Bee" and "Come Together." His ability to play these instruments contributed significantly to the unique sound of The Beatles and his own music.', 'John Lennon was primarily known for playing the electric guitar and double bass. He began his career as a member of the Quarrymen, which later became The Beatles, where he predominantly played guitar. Throughout his solo career and collaborations, Lennon also played various other instruments, including keyboards and banjo, showcasing his musical versatility.', 'John Lennon was primarily known for his skills on the guitar and piano. He played rhythm guitar in the early days of The Beatles and later transitioned to lead guitar, often using a Rickenbacker 325. His piano playing was also significant, particularly during the later Beatles years and in his solo career. Lennon was not only a proficient player but also an innovative one, experimenting with unconventional techniques and sounds throughout his musical journey.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 39, 'docs_len': 2247, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'John Lennon was proficient in several musical instruments throughout his career. He primarily played the acoustic and electric guitar, contributing significantly to The Beatles\' sound. Additionally, he mastered the banjo, which he used notably during the "Revolver" era, and occasionally played the piano for both songwriting and live performances. Lennon also experimented with the harmonica, adding distinctive solos to tracks like "I\'m Happy Just to Dance with You.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'John Lennon was primarily known for his skills as a guitarist. He played rhythm guitar in the early days of The Beatles and later switched to lead guitar, often using a Rickenbacker 325 and a Fender Stratocaster. Lennon also mastered the banjo, which he used during the "Bedrockology" album. Additionally, he occasionally played harmonica, most notably in the song "I\'m a Loser." Lennon was versatile, though his primary instruments were the guitar and vocals.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'John Lennon was primarily known for his skills on the guitar and the harmonica. He started with the banjo and ukulele as a teenager but quickly shifted to the guitar, which he played throughout his career in The Beatles and solo projects. Lennon was also proficient with the harmonica, using it in several Beatles songs, most notably in "I\'m a King Bee" and "Come Together." His ability to play these instruments contributed significantly to the unique sound of The Beatles and his own music.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'John Lennon was primarily known for playing the electric guitar and double bass. He began his career as a member of the Quarrymen, which later became The Beatles, where he predominantly played guitar. Throughout his solo career and collaborations, Lennon also played various other instruments, including keyboards and banjo, showcasing his musical versatility.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'John Lennon was primarily known for his skills on the guitar and piano. He played rhythm guitar in the early days of The Beatles and later transitioned to lead guitar, often using a Rickenbacker 325. His piano playing was also significant, particularly during the later Beatles years and in his solo career. Lennon was not only a proficient player but also an innovative one, experimenting with unconventional techniques and sounds throughout his musical journey.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: QALD2_te-66):
Original:     Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Reformulated: Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin? Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin? Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin? Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin? Whic...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Several ships were named after Benjamin Franklin in recognition of his contributions to science, diplomacy, and the American Revolution. Notably, during the 19th century, the U.S. Navy commissioned two ships bearing his name: USS Benjamin Franklin (1843-1852) and USS Benjamin Franklin (1862-1870). Both were steam frigates and played significant roles in naval operations and training during their respective eras.', "Benjamin Franklin's name has been honored by several ships throughout history. Notably, during World War II, the United States Navy commissioned a destroyer escort named USS Benjamin Franklin (DE-652). Additionally, the British Royal Navy featured HMS Benjamin Franklin among its vessels, serving during the same era. These ships commemorated Franklin's contributions to science, diplomacy, and the founding of the United States.", "Several ships have been named in honor of Benjamin Franklin, a renowned American polymath. Notably, the United States Navy commissioned the nuclear-powered submarine USS Benjamin Franklin (SSBN-685) in 1978. Additionally, during World War II, the U.S. Navy also named a cargo ship, USNS Benjamin Franklin (T-AK-238), which served as a transport vessel. These ships were named to commemorate Franklin's significant contributions to science, diplomacy, and the founding of the United States.", "Several ships have been named in honor of Benjamin Franklin, the renowned American polymath. Notably, during World War II, the United States Navy commissioned the USS Benjamin Franklin (SSBN-642), an Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine. Additionally, the U.S. Coast Guard cutter USCGC Benjamin Franklin (WHEC-723) served from 1985 to 2005, contributing to maritime law enforcement and search and rescue operations. These vessels continue to commemorate Franklin's legacy of scientific discovery and public service.", "Several ships were named after Benjamin Franklin, a renowned American polymath and statesman. The U.S. Navy commissioned the nuclear submarine USS Benjamin Franklin (SSBN-685) in 1979. Additionally, the United Kingdom honored Franklin with the naming of the HMS Benjamin Franklin, a submarine launched in 2013 as part of the Royal Navy's Astute-class submarines. These ships commemorated Franklin's significant contributions to science, diplomacy, and public service."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 48, 'docs_len': 2321, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Several ships were named after Benjamin Franklin in recognition of his contributions to science, diplomacy, and the American Revolution. Notably, during the 19th century, the U.S. Navy commissioned two ships bearing his name: USS Benjamin Franklin (1843-1852) and USS Benjamin Franklin (1862-1870). Both were steam frigates and played significant roles in naval operations and training during their respective eras.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Benjamin Franklin's name has been honored by several ships throughout history. Notably, during World War II, the United States Navy commissioned a destroyer escort named USS Benjamin Franklin (DE-652). Additionally, the British Royal Navy featured HMS Benjamin Franklin among its vessels, serving during the same era. These ships commemorated Franklin's contributions to science, diplomacy, and the founding of the United States.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Several ships have been named in honor of Benjamin Franklin, a renowned American polymath. Notably, the United States Navy commissioned the nuclear-powered submarine USS Benjamin Franklin (SSBN-685) in 1978. Additionally, during World War II, the U.S. Navy also named a cargo ship, USNS Benjamin Franklin (T-AK-238), which served as a transport vessel. These ships were named to commemorate Franklin's significant contributions to science, diplomacy, and the founding of the United States.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Several ships have been named in honor of Benjamin Franklin, the renowned American polymath. Notably, during World War II, the United States Navy commissioned the USS Benjamin Franklin (SSBN-642), an Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine. Additionally, the U.S. Coast Guard cutter USCGC Benjamin Franklin (WHEC-723) served from 1985 to 2005, contributing to maritime law enforcement and search and rescue operations. These vessels continue to commemorate Franklin's legacy of scientific discovery and public service.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Several ships were named after Benjamin Franklin, a renowned American polymath and statesman. The U.S. Navy commissioned the nuclear submarine USS Benjamin Franklin (SSBN-685) in 1979. Additionally, the United Kingdom honored Franklin with the naming of the HMS Benjamin Franklin, a submarine launched in 2013 as part of the Royal Navy's Astute-class submarines. These ships commemorated Franklin's significant contributions to science, diplomacy, and public service."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: SemSearch_LS-1):
Original:     Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon
Reformulated: Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon Apollo astronauts who walked on the ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon were part of NASA's ambitious Apollo program, which aimed to land humans on the lunar surface. Between 1969 and 1972, twelve astronauts achieved this feat as part of six successful Apollo missions (Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 17). These astronauts, including Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin from Apollo 11, conducted scientific experiments, collected rock samples, and deployed equipment on the lunar surface, significantly advancing our understanding of the Moon's geology and history.", "The Apollo program, NASA's ambitious lunar mission from 1961 to 1972, saw twelve astronauts walk on the Moon. Notable among them were Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, who became the first humans to set foot on the lunar surface during Apollo 11 in 1969. Other notable Apollo astronauts included Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt, who walked on the Moon during Apollo 17 in 1972, marking the last manned mission to date. These astronauts conducted various scientific experiments and gathered invaluable data and samples from the Moon's surface.", 'The Apollo program sent astronauts to walk on the Moon between 1969 and 1972. Notable missions include Apollo 11, where Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans to walk on the lunar surface in July 1969. Other astronauts who walked on the Moon during subsequent Apollo missions include Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin, Charles "Pete" Conrad, Alan Bean, David Scott, James Irwin, John Young, Charles Duke, Eugene Cernan, and Harrison "Jack" Schmitt. These missions significantly advanced human knowledge of the Moon and paved the way for future space', "Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon were part of NASA's Apollo program, which aimed to land humans on the lunar surface. Notable astronauts include Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the Moon in 1969, and Buzz Aldrin, who followed Armstrong down the ladder of the Lunar Module Eagle. Other key astronauts included Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt, who participated in the final Apollo missions in 1972. These missions marked significant achievements in space exploration and human endeavor.", "The Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon were part of NASA's Apollo program, which aimed to land humans on the lunar surface and return them safely to Earth. From 1969 to 1972, twelve astronauts accomplished this feat as part of six successful lunar landing missions (Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 17). These astronauts, including Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Eugene Cernan, conducted experiments, collected lunar samples, and documented their experiences with cameras and other equipment. Their missions marked significant milestones in human space exploration"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 40, 'docs_len': 2707, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon were part of NASA's ambitious Apollo program, which aimed to land humans on the lunar surface. Between 1969 and 1972, twelve astronauts achieved this feat as part of six successful Apollo missions (Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 17). These astronauts, including Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin from Apollo 11, conducted scientific experiments, collected rock samples, and deployed equipment on the lunar surface, significantly advancing our understanding of the Moon's geology and history.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The Apollo program, NASA's ambitious lunar mission from 1961 to 1972, saw twelve astronauts walk on the Moon. Notable among them were Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, who became the first humans to set foot on the lunar surface during Apollo 11 in 1969. Other notable Apollo astronauts included Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt, who walked on the Moon during Apollo 17 in 1972, marking the last manned mission to date. These astronauts conducted various scientific experiments and gathered invaluable data and samples from the Moon's surface.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The Apollo program sent astronauts to walk on the Moon between 1969 and 1972. Notable missions include Apollo 11, where Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans to walk on the lunar surface in July 1969. Other astronauts who walked on the Moon during subsequent Apollo missions include Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin, Charles "Pete" Conrad, Alan Bean, David Scott, James Irwin, John Young, Charles Duke, Eugene Cernan, and Harrison "Jack" Schmitt. These missions significantly advanced human knowledge of the Moon and paved the way for future space', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon were part of NASA's Apollo program, which aimed to land humans on the lunar surface. Notable astronauts include Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the Moon in 1969, and Buzz Aldrin, who followed Armstrong down the ladder of the Lunar Module Eagle. Other key astronauts included Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt, who participated in the final Apollo missions in 1972. These missions marked significant achievements in space exploration and human endeavor.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The Apollo astronauts who walked on the Moon were part of NASA's Apollo program, which aimed to land humans on the lunar surface and return them safely to Earth. From 1969 to 1972, twelve astronauts accomplished this feat as part of six successful lunar landing missions (Apollo 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 17). These astronauts, including Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Eugene Cernan, conducted experiments, collected lunar samples, and documented their experiences with cameras and other equipment. Their missions marked significant milestones in human space exploration"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: SemSearch_ES-97):
Original:     PINK PANTHER 2
Reformulated: PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK PANTHER 2 PINK ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["PINK PANTHER 2 is a 2023 American comedy film starring Steve Martin and Michael Keaton. Set in New York City, the movie follows the Pink Panther's bumbling detective Clouseau as he investigates a plot involving a famous opera singer. The film continues the franchise with humor and light-hearted action, blending classic Pink Panther elements with contemporary comedic styles.", 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 American comedy film starring Steve Martin and Leslie Jones. Directed by Shawn Levy, the movie continues the adventures of the Pink Panther character, known for his bumbling but resourceful nature. In this sequel, Martin reprises his role as Inspector Clouseau, who embarks on a new case involving a priceless diamond. The film also features a star-studded cast including Anne Hathaway, Gabriel Byrne, and Teyonah Parris, and blends humor with action elements typical of the franchise.', 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 action comedy film starring Eddie Murphy as the titular character. The movie continues the adventures of Inspector Clouseau as he investigates a high-stakes art heist involving a valuable pink diamond. The film features a mix of slapstick humor and over-the-top action sequences, staying true to the franchise\'s comedic style while introducing new characters and plot twists.', 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 American animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation. It serves as a sequel to the 2016 film "The Pink Panther." The movie follows Inspector Clouseau as he teams up with a young, ambitious detective to solve a new case involving a priceless gem. The film features a mix of live-action and CGI, maintaining the franchise\'s signature humor while introducing fresh characters and plot elements. Notable for its voice cast, which includes Steve Martin as Inspector Clouseau and Anne Hathaway as a French detective, the film aims to capture both old and', 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 American comedy film in the Pink Panther franchise, directed by Shawn Levy. Starring William Dafoe and Kate McKinnon, the movie continues the adventures of Inspector Clouseau as he investigates a plot involving priceless art. Known for its humorous script and slapstick comedy, the film aims to deliver a lighthearted and entertaining experience for audiences familiar with the series and newcomers alike.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 27, 'query_len': 14, 'docs_len': 2307, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "PINK PANTHER 2 is a 2023 American comedy film starring Steve Martin and Michael Keaton. Set in New York City, the movie follows the Pink Panther's bumbling detective Clouseau as he investigates a plot involving a famous opera singer. The film continues the franchise with humor and light-hearted action, blending classic Pink Panther elements with contemporary comedic styles.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 American comedy film starring Steve Martin and Leslie Jones. Directed by Shawn Levy, the movie continues the adventures of the Pink Panther character, known for his bumbling but resourceful nature. In this sequel, Martin reprises his role as Inspector Clouseau, who embarks on a new case involving a priceless diamond. The film also features a star-studded cast including Anne Hathaway, Gabriel Byrne, and Teyonah Parris, and blends humor with action elements typical of the franchise.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 action comedy film starring Eddie Murphy as the titular character. The movie continues the adventures of Inspector Clouseau as he investigates a high-stakes art heist involving a valuable pink diamond. The film features a mix of slapstick humor and over-the-top action sequences, staying true to the franchise\'s comedic style while introducing new characters and plot twists.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 American animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation. It serves as a sequel to the 2016 film "The Pink Panther." The movie follows Inspector Clouseau as he teams up with a young, ambitious detective to solve a new case involving a priceless gem. The film features a mix of live-action and CGI, maintaining the franchise\'s signature humor while introducing fresh characters and plot elements. Notable for its voice cast, which includes Steve Martin as Inspector Clouseau and Anne Hathaway as a French detective, the film aims to capture both old and', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'PINK PANTHER 2" is a 2023 American comedy film in the Pink Panther franchise, directed by Shawn Levy. Starring William Dafoe and Kate McKinnon, the movie continues the adventures of Inspector Clouseau as he investigates a plot involving priceless art. Known for its humorous script and slapstick comedy, the film aims to deliver a lighthearted and entertaining experience for audiences familiar with the series and newcomers alike.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: SemSearch_LS-2):
Original:     Arab states of the Persian Gulf
Reformulated: Arab states of the Persian Gulf Arab states of the Persian Gulf Arab states of the Persian Gulf Arab states of the Persian Gulf Arab states of the Persian Gulf Arab states of the Persian Gulf Arab sta...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The Arab states of the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Yemen. These countries share a common cultural and linguistic heritage and are located along the coast of the Persian Gulf. Economically, they rely heavily on oil exports, which have historically been central to their development. Geographically, the region is characterized by arid deserts, vast salt marshes, and numerous islands. Politically, these nations have diverse governance structures, ranging from absolute monarchies to semi-presidential systems.', 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf comprise Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen. These countries are located along the southern coast of the Persian Gulf and eastern coast of the Arabian Sea. Historically, these regions have been significant for trade and oil production. The modern states in this region emerged in the mid-20th century after gaining independence from colonial powers. Today, they are known for their rapidly growing economies, particularly due to their vast oil reserves, and play a crucial role in global energy markets.', 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Yemen. These countries are located along the eastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula and the western shore of the Persian Gulf. They are characterized by their significant oil and gas reserves, which have shaped their economies and international relations. Historically, these states have been part of various empires and have maintained complex cultural and political ties. Modernly, they are known for their modern cities, strict social norms, and diverse economies that extend beyond oil, including finance, tourism, and real estate sectors.', 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf, including Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen (which includes the internationally recognized government and the Houthi-controlled areas), form a strategic region at the southern end of the Persian Gulf. These countries share historical, cultural, and economic ties, particularly in oil production and trade. The region is also characterized by significant maritime activities, rich biodiversity, and diverse religious communities, including significant Muslim, Christian, Hindu, and Jewish populations.', 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen. These countries are located along the western coast of the Persian Gulf and the Arabian Sea. Historically, these regions have been significant due to their rich oil reserves, which have driven economic growth and development. Additionally, the area is known for its diverse cultures, traditions, and strategic importance in international trade and politics. Major cities like Dubai and Abu Dhabi have become global financial hubs, while others like Doha and Muscat maintain important cultural and diplomatic roles within the region.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 3075, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Yemen. These countries share a common cultural and linguistic heritage and are located along the coast of the Persian Gulf. Economically, they rely heavily on oil exports, which have historically been central to their development. Geographically, the region is characterized by arid deserts, vast salt marshes, and numerous islands. Politically, these nations have diverse governance structures, ranging from absolute monarchies to semi-presidential systems.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf comprise Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen. These countries are located along the southern coast of the Persian Gulf and eastern coast of the Arabian Sea. Historically, these regions have been significant for trade and oil production. The modern states in this region emerged in the mid-20th century after gaining independence from colonial powers. Today, they are known for their rapidly growing economies, particularly due to their vast oil reserves, and play a crucial role in global energy markets.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Yemen. These countries are located along the eastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula and the western shore of the Persian Gulf. They are characterized by their significant oil and gas reserves, which have shaped their economies and international relations. Historically, these states have been part of various empires and have maintained complex cultural and political ties. Modernly, they are known for their modern cities, strict social norms, and diverse economies that extend beyond oil, including finance, tourism, and real estate sectors.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf, including Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen (which includes the internationally recognized government and the Houthi-controlled areas), form a strategic region at the southern end of the Persian Gulf. These countries share historical, cultural, and economic ties, particularly in oil production and trade. The region is also characterized by significant maritime activities, rich biodiversity, and diverse religious communities, including significant Muslim, Christian, Hindu, and Jewish populations.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The Arab states of the Persian Gulf include Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen. These countries are located along the western coast of the Persian Gulf and the Arabian Sea. Historically, these regions have been significant due to their rich oil reserves, which have driven economic growth and development. Additionally, the area is known for its diverse cultures, traditions, and strategic importance in international trade and politics. Major cities like Dubai and Abu Dhabi have become global financial hubs, while others like Doha and Muscat maintain important cultural and diplomatic roles within the region.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: SemSearch_ES-96):
Original:     New England Coffee
Reformulated: New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New England Coffee New Englan...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["New England is known for its rich coffee culture, particularly in cities like Boston and Providence. Coffee shops dot the urban landscapes, offering a variety of traditional brews as well as unique blends. Popular chains like Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts are prevalent, while independent roasters focus on artisanal coffee and locally sourced beans. Local events, such as coffee festivals, celebrate the region's coffee heritage and innovations in brewing techniques.", "New England is known for its unique coffee culture, where a steaming cup of coffee is often enjoyed in cozy cafes. The region boasts a variety of coffee shops that offer locally roasted beans, artisanal brews, and specialty drinks. From classic drip coffee to innovative cold brews, New England's coffee scene caters to all tastes. Many establishments also incorporate local flavors into their coffee offerings, such as pumpkin spice lattes during autumn. This rich coffee culture is deeply intertwined with the region's history and continues to evolve, reflecting changing consumer preferences and advancements in coffee-making techniques.", 'New England coffee culture emphasizes high-quality beans and traditional brewing methods. Known for its distinct flavors, New England coffee often includes a variety of roasts, from light to dark, catering to different palates. Popular coffee shops in the region focus on artisanal practices, offering handcrafted beverages like pour-overs and cold brews. Additionally, seasonal offerings, such as pumpkin spice lattes in autumn, add to the region’s unique coffee experience.', "New England Coffee has become increasingly popular in the northeastern United States. Known for its rich flavor and quality beans, New England Coffee offers a wide range of blends to suit various tastes, from bold dark roasts to milder light roasts. Popular in local cafes and homes alike, it is often associated with regional specialties such as maple syrup and pumpkin spice flavors, reflecting the area's culinary heritage.", "New England coffee culture is known for its high-quality, artisanal blends and robust flavor profiles. Often featuring locally sourced beans, New England coffee shops emphasize fresh grinding and expert roasting techniques. Popular brewing methods include pour-over and cold brew, with many establishments offering a range of milk alternatives and syrups to customize drinks. During winter, spiced coffee beverages such as pumpkin spice lattes and peppermint mochas are particularly popular, reflecting the region's unique seasonal tastes."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 23, 'query_len': 18, 'docs_len': 2551, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "New England is known for its rich coffee culture, particularly in cities like Boston and Providence. Coffee shops dot the urban landscapes, offering a variety of traditional brews as well as unique blends. Popular chains like Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts are prevalent, while independent roasters focus on artisanal coffee and locally sourced beans. Local events, such as coffee festivals, celebrate the region's coffee heritage and innovations in brewing techniques.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "New England is known for its unique coffee culture, where a steaming cup of coffee is often enjoyed in cozy cafes. The region boasts a variety of coffee shops that offer locally roasted beans, artisanal brews, and specialty drinks. From classic drip coffee to innovative cold brews, New England's coffee scene caters to all tastes. Many establishments also incorporate local flavors into their coffee offerings, such as pumpkin spice lattes during autumn. This rich coffee culture is deeply intertwined with the region's history and continues to evolve, reflecting changing consumer preferences and advancements in coffee-making techniques.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'New England coffee culture emphasizes high-quality beans and traditional brewing methods. Known for its distinct flavors, New England coffee often includes a variety of roasts, from light to dark, catering to different palates. Popular coffee shops in the region focus on artisanal practices, offering handcrafted beverages like pour-overs and cold brews. Additionally, seasonal offerings, such as pumpkin spice lattes in autumn, add to the region’s unique coffee experience.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "New England Coffee has become increasingly popular in the northeastern United States. Known for its rich flavor and quality beans, New England Coffee offers a wide range of blends to suit various tastes, from bold dark roasts to milder light roasts. Popular in local cafes and homes alike, it is often associated with regional specialties such as maple syrup and pumpkin spice flavors, reflecting the area's culinary heritage.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "New England coffee culture is known for its high-quality, artisanal blends and robust flavor profiles. Often featuring locally sourced beans, New England coffee shops emphasize fresh grinding and expert roasting techniques. Popular brewing methods include pour-over and cold brew, with many establishments offering a range of milk alternatives and syrups to customize drinks. During winter, spiced coffee beverages such as pumpkin spice lattes and peppermint mochas are particularly popular, reflecting the region's unique seasonal tastes."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

