Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 915593):
Original:     what types of food can you cook sous vide
Reformulated: what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Sous vide cooking offers versatility and precision, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes. Many types of food can be cooked sous vide, including meats like steak, chicken, and pork, which can be cooked to exact temperatures for optimal tenderness and flavor. Eggs, seafood such as salmon and shrimp, and vegetables like asparagus and carrots also benefit from sous vide, as it helps retain their texture and color. Additionally, fruits can be cooked sous vide for desserts, and even complete meals like risottos and soups can be prepared with this method, showcasing its broad applicability in contemporary cuisine.', 'Sous vide cooking offers a wide range of possibilities when it comes to the types of food that can be prepared. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork, and lamb can be cooked to precise doneness, while fish and seafood like salmon and lobster can be cooked with delicate care. Eggs can also be cooked sous vide to achieve perfectly runny yolks and set whites. Additionally, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts can be cooked to retain their texture and flavor. Even fruits and desserts like crème brûlée and custards can be prepared using the sous vide method, providing a unique and consistent', 'Sous vide cooking offers a wide range of culinary possibilities, allowing for the precise preparation of various foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, and pork can be cooked to perfect doneness, while retention of moisture and flavor is maintained. Eggs, whether whole or yolks, can also be cooked to a desired level of runniness or firmness. Additionally, sous vide is well-suited for cooking seafood like salmon and shrimp, as well as delicate fish, to prevent overcooking. Furthermore, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be cooked to a tender yet crisp texture, and even tough cuts of', 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes. You can cook proteins like steak, chicken, fish, and eggs to precise doneness, ensuring consistent results. Additionally, vegetables such as asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts can be cooked sous vide to retain their texture and nutrients. Fruits like apples and pears can also be cooked sous vide to create delicious desserts. Other options include cooking grains like rice and quinoa, as well as legumes like lentils and chickpeas. Even delicate foods like lobster, shrimp, and sushi-grade tuna can be cooked to perfection using', 'Sous vide cooking offers versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide variety of dishes. Proteins such as steak, chicken, fish, and eggs can be cooked to precise doneness, while retaining their juices and tenderness. Vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts can also be cooked sous vide, helping preserve their color and nutrients. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for cooking delicate foods like lobster, shrimp, and scallops, as well as tougher cuts of meat like short ribs and lamb shanks, which become tender with extended cooking times. Even desserts like crème brûlée and custards can'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3108, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Sous vide cooking offers versatility and precision, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes. Many types of food can be cooked sous vide, including meats like steak, chicken, and pork, which can be cooked to exact temperatures for optimal tenderness and flavor. Eggs, seafood such as salmon and shrimp, and vegetables like asparagus and carrots also benefit from sous vide, as it helps retain their texture and color. Additionally, fruits can be cooked sous vide for desserts, and even complete meals like risottos and soups can be prepared with this method, showcasing its broad applicability in contemporary cuisine.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sous vide cooking offers a wide range of possibilities when it comes to the types of food that can be prepared. Meats such as steak, chicken, pork, and lamb can be cooked to precise doneness, while fish and seafood like salmon and lobster can be cooked with delicate care. Eggs can also be cooked sous vide to achieve perfectly runny yolks and set whites. Additionally, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts can be cooked to retain their texture and flavor. Even fruits and desserts like crème brûlée and custards can be prepared using the sous vide method, providing a unique and consistent', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sous vide cooking offers a wide range of culinary possibilities, allowing for the precise preparation of various foods. Meats such as steak, chicken, and pork can be cooked to perfect doneness, while retention of moisture and flavor is maintained. Eggs, whether whole or yolks, can also be cooked to a desired level of runniness or firmness. Additionally, sous vide is well-suited for cooking seafood like salmon and shrimp, as well as delicate fish, to prevent overcooking. Furthermore, vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and green beans can be cooked to a tender yet crisp texture, and even tough cuts of', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sous vide cooking offers unparalleled versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide range of dishes. You can cook proteins like steak, chicken, fish, and eggs to precise doneness, ensuring consistent results. Additionally, vegetables such as asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts can be cooked sous vide to retain their texture and nutrients. Fruits like apples and pears can also be cooked sous vide to create delicious desserts. Other options include cooking grains like rice and quinoa, as well as legumes like lentils and chickpeas. Even delicate foods like lobster, shrimp, and sushi-grade tuna can be cooked to perfection using', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sous vide cooking offers versatility, allowing for the preparation of a wide variety of dishes. Proteins such as steak, chicken, fish, and eggs can be cooked to precise doneness, while retaining their juices and tenderness. Vegetables like asparagus, carrots, and Brussels sprouts can also be cooked sous vide, helping preserve their color and nutrients. Additionally, sous vide is ideal for cooking delicate foods like lobster, shrimp, and scallops, as well as tougher cuts of meat like short ribs and lamb shanks, which become tender with extended cooking times. Even desserts like crème brûlée and custards can'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 794429):
Original:     what is sculpture shape space
Reformulated: what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture sh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm where sculptors create and manipulate forms to produce tactile and visually engaging artworks. It encompasses the physical and conceptual area within which a sculpture exists, including its volume, mass, and negative space. The shape space of a sculpture can be thought of as the aggregate of its external contours, internal cavities, and the surrounding environment that influence the viewer's perception of the artwork. By carefully considering and crafting the shape space, sculptors can evoke emotions, convey meaning, and engage audiences in a multisensory experience.", 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create, where forms, volumes, and negative spaces interact. It encompasses the physical and visual dimensions of a sculptural work, including its mass, texture, and relationship to the surrounding environment. By manipulating shape, scale, and spatial relationships, sculptors can craft immersive experiences that engage the viewer and challenge perceptions of form and space. Whether abstract or representational, sculpture shape space invites exploration and interpretation, blurring the boundaries between art, architecture, and the physical world.', 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create their artworks, considering the physical and spatial relationships between forms, volumes, and negative spaces. It encompasses the manipulation of materials and techniques to craft unique shapes, textures, and dimensions, ultimately giving a sculpture its distinctive presence and interaction with the surrounding environment. By expertly navigating this shape space, sculptors can evoke emotions, convey meaning, and challenge perceptions, pushing the boundaries of artistic expression and transforming raw materials into thought-provoking works of art.', "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists, encompassing its form, volume, and negative space. It is the physical and visual area that the sculpture occupies, including its outer boundaries, contours, and the empty space surrounding and within it. The concept of shape space is crucial in sculpture as it allows artists to create and manipulate forms that engage with the viewer's perception, creating an immersive experience that extends beyond the physical object itself. By carefully considering the shape space, sculptors can control the way their work interacts with its environment, influencing the viewer's emotional and spatial response to the artwork.", 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional volume that a sculpture occupies, encompassing its overall form, proportions, and negative spaces. It is the tangible, physical realm where the sculpture exists, allowing viewers to perceive its shape, texture, and scale from multiple angles. Effective use of shape space in sculpture can create a dynamic interplay between the solid form of the artwork and the surrounding environment, inviting viewers to engage with the piece on a more immersive level. By carefully manipulating shape space, sculptors can convey meaning, evoke emotions, and challenge perceptions, ultimately enhancing the overall impact of their creation.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 29, 'docs_len': 3292, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm where sculptors create and manipulate forms to produce tactile and visually engaging artworks. It encompasses the physical and conceptual area within which a sculpture exists, including its volume, mass, and negative space. The shape space of a sculpture can be thought of as the aggregate of its external contours, internal cavities, and the surrounding environment that influence the viewer's perception of the artwork. By carefully considering and crafting the shape space, sculptors can evoke emotions, convey meaning, and engage audiences in a multisensory experience.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create, where forms, volumes, and negative spaces interact. It encompasses the physical and visual dimensions of a sculptural work, including its mass, texture, and relationship to the surrounding environment. By manipulating shape, scale, and spatial relationships, sculptors can craft immersive experiences that engage the viewer and challenge perceptions of form and space. Whether abstract or representational, sculpture shape space invites exploration and interpretation, blurring the boundaries between art, architecture, and the physical world.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which sculptors create their artworks, considering the physical and spatial relationships between forms, volumes, and negative spaces. It encompasses the manipulation of materials and techniques to craft unique shapes, textures, and dimensions, ultimately giving a sculpture its distinctive presence and interaction with the surrounding environment. By expertly navigating this shape space, sculptors can evoke emotions, convey meaning, and challenge perceptions, pushing the boundaries of artistic expression and transforming raw materials into thought-provoking works of art.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional realm in which a sculpture exists, encompassing its form, volume, and negative space. It is the physical and visual area that the sculpture occupies, including its outer boundaries, contours, and the empty space surrounding and within it. The concept of shape space is crucial in sculpture as it allows artists to create and manipulate forms that engage with the viewer's perception, creating an immersive experience that extends beyond the physical object itself. By carefully considering the shape space, sculptors can control the way their work interacts with its environment, influencing the viewer's emotional and spatial response to the artwork.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional volume that a sculpture occupies, encompassing its overall form, proportions, and negative spaces. It is the tangible, physical realm where the sculpture exists, allowing viewers to perceive its shape, texture, and scale from multiple angles. Effective use of shape space in sculpture can create a dynamic interplay between the solid form of the artwork and the surrounding environment, inviting viewers to engage with the piece on a more immersive level. By carefully manipulating shape space, sculptors can convey meaning, evoke emotions, and challenge perceptions, ultimately enhancing the overall impact of their creation.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 801118):
Original:     what is supplemental security income used for
Reformulated: what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is suppleme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic living expenses, such as shelter, food, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential needs like rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, groceries, and medical expenses. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to purchase personal care items, transportation, and other necessities that support their daily lives and well-being. Overall, the goal of SSI is to supplement an individual's limited income and", 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a government-funded program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. SSI benefits can be used to pay for essential expenses, including rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care, as well as other necessities like transportation and personal care items. By providing a supplemental source of income, SSI aims to improve the overall well-being and quality of life for eligible recipients, enabling them to live independently and participate in', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The income can be used to pay for essential expenses like rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to cover other necessities, including transportation, household expenses, and personal care items. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI enables eligible individuals to maintain a minimum level of financial stability and independence,', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help eligible recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The monthly benefits can be used to pay for essential expenses, including rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to cover other necessary expenses, such as transportation, personal care items, and home maintenance. By providing a stable source of income, SSI enables individuals with limited resources to maintain a decent standard', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to eligible individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic living expenses, such as food, shelter, clothing, and healthcare. The income is typically used to cover essential needs like rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, groceries, and medical expenses. Additionally, SSI can also be used to purchase personal care items, transportation, and other necessities that support daily living and independence. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI aims to ensure that vulnerable populations have a safety'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 3406, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic living expenses, such as shelter, food, and clothing. The funds can be used to cover essential needs like rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, groceries, and medical expenses. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to purchase personal care items, transportation, and other necessities that support their daily lives and well-being. Overall, the goal of SSI is to supplement an individual's limited income and", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a government-funded program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help these individuals meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. SSI benefits can be used to pay for essential expenses, including rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care, as well as other necessities like transportation and personal care items. By providing a supplemental source of income, SSI aims to improve the overall well-being and quality of life for eligible recipients, enabling them to live independently and participate in', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The income can be used to pay for essential expenses like rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to cover other necessities, including transportation, household expenses, and personal care items. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI enables eligible individuals to maintain a minimum level of financial stability and independence,', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age-related limitations. The primary purpose of SSI is to help eligible recipients meet their basic needs, such as food, shelter, and clothing. The monthly benefits can be used to pay for essential expenses, including rent or mortgage, utilities, groceries, and medical care. Additionally, SSI recipients may also use their benefits to cover other necessary expenses, such as transportation, personal care items, and home maintenance. By providing a stable source of income, SSI enables individuals with limited resources to maintain a decent standard', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to eligible individuals with disabilities, blindness, or age (65 or older). The primary purpose of SSI is to help recipients meet their basic living expenses, such as food, shelter, clothing, and healthcare. The income is typically used to cover essential needs like rent or mortgage payments, utility bills, groceries, and medical expenses. Additionally, SSI can also be used to purchase personal care items, transportation, and other necessities that support daily living and independence. By providing a monthly stipend, SSI aims to ensure that vulnerable populations have a safety'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 190044):
Original:     foods to detox liver naturally
Reformulated: foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Incorporating specific foods into your diet can help naturally support liver detoxification. Leafy green vegetables such as kale, spinach, and collard greens are rich in chlorophyll, which assists in removing toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function and enhance digestion, as well as cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain sulforaphane, a compound that aids in liver detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods high in omega-3 fatty acids like salmon and walnuts can help reduce inflammation and promote overall liver health. By incorporating these foods into your', "To detox your liver naturally, incorporate foods that promote liver health and function into your diet. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and help reduce liver inflammation. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and limes, which stimulate liver function, and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which support liver detoxification pathways. Additionally, foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as fatty fish and flaxseeds, help reduce liver inflammation, while green tea and turmeric have antioxidant properties that aid in liver cleansing. By consuming these foods regularly, you can support your liver's natural detoxification process", "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help naturally support liver detoxification. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which assist in removing toxins from the liver. Citrus fruits, such as lemons and oranges, are high in vitamin C, a powerful antioxidant that enhances liver function. Additionally, cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain sulforaphane, a compound that activates liver enzymes responsible for detoxification. Other liver-friendly foods include green tea, turmeric, and avocados, which provide essential nutrients and antioxidants that promote liver health and support the body's natural detox", "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the liver's natural detoxification processes. Leafy greens such as kale and spinach are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which assist in removing toxins and heavy metals from the body. Citrus fruits like lemons and limes stimulate digestion and enhance the liver's cleansing abilities, while sulfur-rich foods like garlic and onions support the production of glutathione, a potent antioxidant that aids in detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods high in omega-3 fatty acids like fatty fish and flaxseeds can help reduce inflammation and promote liver health, allowing it to function more efficiently", "Incorporating specific foods into your diet can help support the liver's natural detoxification processes. Leafy green vegetables like spinach, kale, and collard greens are rich in chlorophyll, which aids in removing toxins from the bloodstream. Other beneficial foods include sulfur-rich garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes that promote detoxification, as well as citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate bile production to break down fats and facilitate toxin removal. Additionally, green tea has been shown to improve liver function and protect against liver damage due to its high antioxidant content. By consuming these foods regularly, individuals can support the liver's"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3434, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Incorporating specific foods into your diet can help naturally support liver detoxification. Leafy green vegetables such as kale, spinach, and collard greens are rich in chlorophyll, which assists in removing toxins from the liver. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate liver function and enhance digestion, as well as cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain sulforaphane, a compound that aids in liver detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods high in omega-3 fatty acids like salmon and walnuts can help reduce inflammation and promote overall liver health. By incorporating these foods into your', 'pseudo_doc_2': "To detox your liver naturally, incorporate foods that promote liver health and function into your diet. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and help reduce liver inflammation. Other beneficial foods include citrus fruits like lemons and limes, which stimulate liver function, and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which support liver detoxification pathways. Additionally, foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as fatty fish and flaxseeds, help reduce liver inflammation, while green tea and turmeric have antioxidant properties that aid in liver cleansing. By consuming these foods regularly, you can support your liver's natural detoxification process", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help naturally support liver detoxification. Leafy greens like spinach and kale are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which assist in removing toxins from the liver. Citrus fruits, such as lemons and oranges, are high in vitamin C, a powerful antioxidant that enhances liver function. Additionally, cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower contain sulforaphane, a compound that activates liver enzymes responsible for detoxification. Other liver-friendly foods include green tea, turmeric, and avocados, which provide essential nutrients and antioxidants that promote liver health and support the body's natural detox", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Incorporating certain foods into your diet can help support the liver's natural detoxification processes. Leafy greens such as kale and spinach are rich in antioxidants and chlorophyll, which assist in removing toxins and heavy metals from the body. Citrus fruits like lemons and limes stimulate digestion and enhance the liver's cleansing abilities, while sulfur-rich foods like garlic and onions support the production of glutathione, a potent antioxidant that aids in detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods high in omega-3 fatty acids like fatty fish and flaxseeds can help reduce inflammation and promote liver health, allowing it to function more efficiently", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Incorporating specific foods into your diet can help support the liver's natural detoxification processes. Leafy green vegetables like spinach, kale, and collard greens are rich in chlorophyll, which aids in removing toxins from the bloodstream. Other beneficial foods include sulfur-rich garlic and onions, which activate liver enzymes that promote detoxification, as well as citrus fruits like lemons and oranges, which stimulate bile production to break down fats and facilitate toxin removal. Additionally, green tea has been shown to improve liver function and protect against liver damage due to its high antioxidant content. By consuming these foods regularly, individuals can support the liver's"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 451602):
Original:     medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation
Reformulated: medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a ventilator to support or completely take over the breathing process for a patient. This life-sustaining intervention is typically required when a patient's respiratory system is unable to provide adequate oxygenation or ventilation on its own, often due to conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pneumonia, or acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Medicare considers mechanical ventilation to be a medical necessity when it is prescribed by a physician and is deemed essential for the patient's survival, with coverage extending to the rental or purchase of a ventilator and related accessories, as well", 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a life-sustaining therapy that uses a mechanical device to assist or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient requires more than 12 hours of ventilatory support per day, or is completely dependent on the ventilator for breathing. This definition encompasses various modes of ventilation, including invasive and non-invasive methods, and applies to patients with severe respiratory failure, neuromuscular disorders, or other conditions that compromise lung function. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation is typically provided under Part A for hospital stays or', "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to assist or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This can include invasive ventilation, where a tube is inserted into the airway, or non-invasive ventilation, such as a mask or mouthpiece that delivers pressurized air. To meet Medicare's criteria for coverage, mechanical ventilation must be ordered by a physician and be deemed medically necessary, meaning it is required to sustain the patient's life or prevent further deterioration of their condition. The device used must also be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and meet", "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to support or take over the breathing process for a patient, typically through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy. This life-sustaining intervention is medically necessary when a patient's respiratory system is unable to provide adequate oxygenation or ventilation, often due to conditions such as respiratory failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or neuromuscular disorders. For Medicare coverage purposes, mechanical ventilation is categorized into different levels, including invasive and non-invasive ventilation, with specific criteria and requirements for each type to ensure appropriate utilization and reimbursement", 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a device to support or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This life-sustaining therapy involves the delivery of oxygen and air into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or a tracheostomy tube, utilizing a ventilator machine. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary for patients with respiratory failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, or other conditions that impair lung function, and is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other hospital setting. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation is generally reserved for patients who require continuous'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 47, 'docs_len': 3596, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a ventilator to support or completely take over the breathing process for a patient. This life-sustaining intervention is typically required when a patient's respiratory system is unable to provide adequate oxygenation or ventilation on its own, often due to conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pneumonia, or acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Medicare considers mechanical ventilation to be a medical necessity when it is prescribed by a physician and is deemed essential for the patient's survival, with coverage extending to the rental or purchase of a ventilator and related accessories, as well", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as a life-sustaining therapy that uses a mechanical device to assist or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary when a patient requires more than 12 hours of ventilatory support per day, or is completely dependent on the ventilator for breathing. This definition encompasses various modes of ventilation, including invasive and non-invasive methods, and applies to patients with severe respiratory failure, neuromuscular disorders, or other conditions that compromise lung function. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation is typically provided under Part A for hospital stays or', 'pseudo_doc_3': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to assist or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This can include invasive ventilation, where a tube is inserted into the airway, or non-invasive ventilation, such as a mask or mouthpiece that delivers pressurized air. To meet Medicare's criteria for coverage, mechanical ventilation must be ordered by a physician and be deemed medically necessary, meaning it is required to sustain the patient's life or prevent further deterioration of their condition. The device used must also be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and meet", 'pseudo_doc_4': "According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is defined as the use of a device to support or take over the breathing process for a patient, typically through an endotracheal tube or tracheostomy. This life-sustaining intervention is medically necessary when a patient's respiratory system is unable to provide adequate oxygenation or ventilation, often due to conditions such as respiratory failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), or neuromuscular disorders. For Medicare coverage purposes, mechanical ventilation is categorized into different levels, including invasive and non-invasive ventilation, with specific criteria and requirements for each type to ensure appropriate utilization and reimbursement", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a device to support or take over breathing for a patient who is unable to breathe on their own. This life-sustaining therapy involves the delivery of oxygen and air into the lungs through an endotracheal tube or a tracheostomy tube, utilizing a ventilator machine. According to Medicare guidelines, mechanical ventilation is considered medically necessary for patients with respiratory failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, or other conditions that impair lung function, and is typically provided in an intensive care unit (ICU) or other hospital setting. Medicare coverage for mechanical ventilation is generally reserved for patients who require continuous'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 177604):
Original:     eating foods that are considered warm
Reformulated: eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foo...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['In many traditional cultures, foods are categorized as either "warm" or "cool" based on their perceived energy and effect on the body. Eating foods considered warm, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, is believed to stimulate digestion, boost energy, and promote internal heat. These foods are thought to increase blood circulation, relieve congestion, and even aid in the treatment of certain ailments like arthritis. Incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, particularly during colder months, can help to balance the body\'s energy and maintain overall well-being.', 'Eating foods that are considered warm, according to traditional culinary principles, can have various effects on the body. Warm foods, such as spicy dishes, ginger, and cinnamon, are believed to stimulate digestion and increase blood circulation. They can also help to expel cold and dampness from the body, which is particularly beneficial during colder months. Additionally, consuming warm foods can provide comfort and energy, making them a popular choice for people seeking to boost their overall well-being. Examples of warm foods include chili peppers, garlic, and lamb, which are often used in Asian and Middle Eastern cuisine to promote balanced health and vitality.', 'In many cultures, particularly in traditional Chinese medicine and Ayurvedic practices, certain foods are classified as "warm" or "hot" due to their perceived energetic properties. Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, is believed to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide internal warmth. These foods are often recommended during colder months or for individuals with sluggish digestion, as they are thought to balance the body\'s energy and promote overall well-being. However, it is essential to note that the concept of warm and cold foods is not strictly based on temperature, but rather on their supposed thermogenic effects on', "Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, can have various effects on the body. In traditional Chinese medicine, warm foods are believed to stimulate digestion, increase energy, and promote circulation. These foods are thought to have a warming effect on the body, helping to dispel coldness and dampness. Incorporating warm foods into one's diet, especially during colder months, can help to boost the immune system and reduce the risk of illnesses such as the common cold and flu. However, it's essential to consume warm foods in moderation, as excessive consumption can lead to an imbalance of heat in", 'In traditional Chinese cuisine and holistic nutrition, certain foods are classified as "warm" due to their perceived energetic properties. Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, is believed to stimulate digestion, improve circulation, and provide internal warmth. These foods are thought to counterbalance the effects of "cold" foods, such as raw vegetables and icy drinks, which can supposedly slow down the body\'s energy. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals may experience enhanced metabolism, reduced inflammation, and a general sense of comfort and vitality. However, it\'s essential to note that the concept of warm and'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 3268, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'In many traditional cultures, foods are categorized as either "warm" or "cool" based on their perceived energy and effect on the body. Eating foods considered warm, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, is believed to stimulate digestion, boost energy, and promote internal heat. These foods are thought to increase blood circulation, relieve congestion, and even aid in the treatment of certain ailments like arthritis. Incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, particularly during colder months, can help to balance the body\'s energy and maintain overall well-being.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Eating foods that are considered warm, according to traditional culinary principles, can have various effects on the body. Warm foods, such as spicy dishes, ginger, and cinnamon, are believed to stimulate digestion and increase blood circulation. They can also help to expel cold and dampness from the body, which is particularly beneficial during colder months. Additionally, consuming warm foods can provide comfort and energy, making them a popular choice for people seeking to boost their overall well-being. Examples of warm foods include chili peppers, garlic, and lamb, which are often used in Asian and Middle Eastern cuisine to promote balanced health and vitality.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'In many cultures, particularly in traditional Chinese medicine and Ayurvedic practices, certain foods are classified as "warm" or "hot" due to their perceived energetic properties. Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, is believed to stimulate digestion, increase circulation, and provide internal warmth. These foods are often recommended during colder months or for individuals with sluggish digestion, as they are thought to balance the body\'s energy and promote overall well-being. However, it is essential to note that the concept of warm and cold foods is not strictly based on temperature, but rather on their supposed thermogenic effects on', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, can have various effects on the body. In traditional Chinese medicine, warm foods are believed to stimulate digestion, increase energy, and promote circulation. These foods are thought to have a warming effect on the body, helping to dispel coldness and dampness. Incorporating warm foods into one's diet, especially during colder months, can help to boost the immune system and reduce the risk of illnesses such as the common cold and flu. However, it's essential to consume warm foods in moderation, as excessive consumption can lead to an imbalance of heat in", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'In traditional Chinese cuisine and holistic nutrition, certain foods are classified as "warm" due to their perceived energetic properties. Eating foods that are considered warm, such as ginger, chili peppers, and lamb, is believed to stimulate digestion, improve circulation, and provide internal warmth. These foods are thought to counterbalance the effects of "cold" foods, such as raw vegetables and icy drinks, which can supposedly slow down the body\'s energy. By incorporating warm foods into one\'s diet, individuals may experience enhanced metabolism, reduced inflammation, and a general sense of comfort and vitality. However, it\'s essential to note that the concept of warm and'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 966413):
Original:     where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement?
Reformulated: where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supp...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Cinnamon has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar levels, with studies indicating that it can lower glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. It also has antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of certain diseases, including heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial properties, making it effective in supporting digestive health and boosting the immune system. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into your daily supplement routine', "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented, with a primary focus on its potential to regulate blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Studies have shown that cinnamon supplements can help lower cholesterol and triglyceride levels, reducing the risk of heart disease. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which may aid in reducing chronic pain and inflammation. Many people also take cinnamon supplements to support digestive health and relieve symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). With its rich antioxidant content, cinnamon may also have a protective effect against neurodegenerative diseases and certain types of cancer. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's", "Research has highlighted the numerous benefits of cinnamon as a supplement, primarily due to its rich antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Consuming cinnamon in supplement form may help regulate blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a potential natural remedy for managing type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon supplements have been shown to lower cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of heart disease by preventing the buildup of plaque in the arteries. Some studies also suggest that cinnamon may have cognitive benefits, including enhancing memory and cognitive function, although more research is needed to confirm these findings. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's supplement routine may provide a range of health benefits, from", "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Research has shown that cinnamon can help regulate blood sugar levels by increasing insulin sensitivity, making it a potential natural remedy for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon has potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, which can help protect against oxidative stress and inflammation in the body. It may also aid in reducing cholesterol levels, improving heart health, and even exhibit potential anti-cancer properties. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial effects, which can help boost the immune system and combat infections. Overall, incorporating cinnamon as a supplement into one's diet may have a", 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous, primarily stemming from its active compound, cinnamaldehyde. Research indicates that cinnamon supplements can help lower blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making them a potential aid for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which can help reduce the risk of heart disease by lowering triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, and blood pressure. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, protecting against cell damage and potentially reducing the risk of certain cancers. Furthermore, cinnamon supplements have been linked to improved cognitive function and may have neuroprotective effects, suggesting benefits for'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 51, 'docs_len': 3791, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Cinnamon has been shown to have a positive impact on blood sugar levels, with studies indicating that it can lower glucose levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which can help alleviate symptoms of conditions such as arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. It also has antioxidant properties, which can help protect against cell damage and reduce the risk of certain diseases, including heart disease and cancer. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial properties, making it effective in supporting digestive health and boosting the immune system. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into your daily supplement routine', 'pseudo_doc_2': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented, with a primary focus on its potential to regulate blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity. Studies have shown that cinnamon supplements can help lower cholesterol and triglyceride levels, reducing the risk of heart disease. Additionally, cinnamon has anti-inflammatory properties, which may aid in reducing chronic pain and inflammation. Many people also take cinnamon supplements to support digestive health and relieve symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). With its rich antioxidant content, cinnamon may also have a protective effect against neurodegenerative diseases and certain types of cancer. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Research has highlighted the numerous benefits of cinnamon as a supplement, primarily due to its rich antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Consuming cinnamon in supplement form may help regulate blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making it a potential natural remedy for managing type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon supplements have been shown to lower cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of heart disease by preventing the buildup of plaque in the arteries. Some studies also suggest that cinnamon may have cognitive benefits, including enhancing memory and cognitive function, although more research is needed to confirm these findings. Overall, incorporating cinnamon into one's supplement routine may provide a range of health benefits, from", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous and well-documented. Research has shown that cinnamon can help regulate blood sugar levels by increasing insulin sensitivity, making it a potential natural remedy for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon has potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, which can help protect against oxidative stress and inflammation in the body. It may also aid in reducing cholesterol levels, improving heart health, and even exhibit potential anti-cancer properties. Furthermore, cinnamon has been found to have antimicrobial effects, which can help boost the immune system and combat infections. Overall, incorporating cinnamon as a supplement into one's diet may have a", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The benefits of cinnamon as a supplement are numerous, primarily stemming from its active compound, cinnamaldehyde. Research indicates that cinnamon supplements can help lower blood sugar levels and improve insulin sensitivity, making them a potential aid for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, which can help reduce the risk of heart disease by lowering triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, and blood pressure. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, protecting against cell damage and potentially reducing the risk of certain cancers. Furthermore, cinnamon supplements have been linked to improved cognitive function and may have neuroprotective effects, suggesting benefits for'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 588587):
Original:     what causes heavy metal toxins in your body
Reformulated: what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body due to various environmental and lifestyle factors. Exposure to contaminated air, water, and soil polluted with heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic can occur through inhalation, ingestion, or skin contact. Additionally, consuming foods high in heavy metals, such as fish with high mercury levels or rice grown in contaminated soil, can also contribute to toxin buildup. Furthermore, certain occupations, like mining or construction, and using personal care products containing heavy metals can increase exposure. Over time, these toxins can accumulate in the body, potentially leading to serious health problems, including neurological damage, organ dysfunction, and', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, primarily due to environmental exposure and dietary intake. Common culprits include contaminated water sources, polluted air, and ingestion of food grown in soil contaminated with heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, certain consumer products such as old paint, pesticides, and some types of cookware can also release these toxins. Furthermore, industrial and occupational exposure, such as in mining or construction, can lead to higher levels of heavy metal accumulation. When these toxins enter the body, they can cause a range of health issues, from neurological damage to organ dysfunction, underscoring', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and certain consumer products. Common sources of heavy metal exposure include lead-based paints, mercury-filled thermometers, and polluted air and water. Additionally, some foods, such as fish with high levels of mercury and rice grown in contaminated soil, can also contribute to heavy metal buildup. Furthermore, occupational exposure, such as working in industries that involve mining, smelting, or battery production, can also lead to increased levels of heavy metals like lead, cadmium, and arsenic in the body. Increased exposure to these toxins can lead', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body are primarily caused by environmental and industrial exposures, as well as certain lifestyle choices. Common sources include contaminated water, polluted air, and food grown in soil with high levels of heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, exposure to heavy metals can occur through the use of consumer products such as pesticides, cosmetics, and old paint, which may contain these toxic substances. Furthermore, habits like smoking and living near industrial sites or areas with high levels of pollution increase the risk of heavy metal accumulation in the body. Over time, these toxins can build up and cause a range of health problems, including', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body are caused by exposure to pollutants from various sources, including contaminated air and water, certain foods, and consumer products. Mercury from fish and shellfish, lead from old paint and contaminated soil, and cadmium from tobacco smoke and industrial waste are common culprits. Additionally, exposure to arsenic through pesticide-treated foods and water, as well as aluminum from cookware and vaccines, can also contribute to heavy metal toxicity. Furthermore, environmental pollution and occupational exposure in industries such as mining and construction can increase the risk of heavy metal accumulation in the body, leading to a range of health problems if left unchecked.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3530, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body due to various environmental and lifestyle factors. Exposure to contaminated air, water, and soil polluted with heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic can occur through inhalation, ingestion, or skin contact. Additionally, consuming foods high in heavy metals, such as fish with high mercury levels or rice grown in contaminated soil, can also contribute to toxin buildup. Furthermore, certain occupations, like mining or construction, and using personal care products containing heavy metals can increase exposure. Over time, these toxins can accumulate in the body, potentially leading to serious health problems, including neurological damage, organ dysfunction, and', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, primarily due to environmental exposure and dietary intake. Common culprits include contaminated water sources, polluted air, and ingestion of food grown in soil contaminated with heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, certain consumer products such as old paint, pesticides, and some types of cookware can also release these toxins. Furthermore, industrial and occupational exposure, such as in mining or construction, can lead to higher levels of heavy metal accumulation. When these toxins enter the body, they can cause a range of health issues, from neurological damage to organ dysfunction, underscoring', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and certain consumer products. Common sources of heavy metal exposure include lead-based paints, mercury-filled thermometers, and polluted air and water. Additionally, some foods, such as fish with high levels of mercury and rice grown in contaminated soil, can also contribute to heavy metal buildup. Furthermore, occupational exposure, such as working in industries that involve mining, smelting, or battery production, can also lead to increased levels of heavy metals like lead, cadmium, and arsenic in the body. Increased exposure to these toxins can lead', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body are primarily caused by environmental and industrial exposures, as well as certain lifestyle choices. Common sources include contaminated water, polluted air, and food grown in soil with high levels of heavy metals like lead, mercury, and arsenic. Additionally, exposure to heavy metals can occur through the use of consumer products such as pesticides, cosmetics, and old paint, which may contain these toxic substances. Furthermore, habits like smoking and living near industrial sites or areas with high levels of pollution increase the risk of heavy metal accumulation in the body. Over time, these toxins can build up and cause a range of health problems, including', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body are caused by exposure to pollutants from various sources, including contaminated air and water, certain foods, and consumer products. Mercury from fish and shellfish, lead from old paint and contaminated soil, and cadmium from tobacco smoke and industrial waste are common culprits. Additionally, exposure to arsenic through pesticide-treated foods and water, as well as aluminum from cookware and vaccines, can also contribute to heavy metal toxicity. Furthermore, environmental pollution and occupational exposure in industries such as mining and construction can increase the risk of heavy metal accumulation in the body, leading to a range of health problems if left unchecked.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1108939):
Original:     what slows down the flow of blood
Reformulated: what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One primary factor is blood vessels narrowing or constricting, which increases resistance and reduces the rate at which blood flows. Additionally, blockages such as blood clots or plaque buildup in the arteries can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, conditions like high blood pressure and atherosclerosis can cause the blood vessels to become stiff and less flexible, leading to reduced blood flow. External factors, including extreme cold temperatures and dehydration, can also contribute to slowed blood flow by causing blood vessels to constrict.', 'The flow of blood through the body can be slowed down by several factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, high blood pressure, and increased blood viscosity. Additionally, conditions such as atherosclerosis, which involves the buildup of plaque in the arteries, and blood clots can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, external factors like cold temperatures and dehydration can cause blood vessels to constrict, reducing blood flow and circulation. Understanding these factors is crucial for maintaining healthy blood circulation and overall cardiovascular well-being.', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is the narrowing or constriction of blood vessels, which can be caused by conditions such as atherosclerosis, where plaque builds up in the arteries. Additionally, increased blood viscosity, or thickness, can also impede blood flow, often resulting from dehydration or high levels of red blood cells. Furthermore, external pressures on blood vessels, such as those caused by tumors or inflammation, can compress blood vessels and restrict blood flow. These factors can lead to a range of health issues, including decreased oxygen delivery to tissues and organs, highlighting the importance of maintaining healthy blood', 'The flow of blood in the body can be slowed down by various factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, high blood pressure, and increased blood viscosity. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, often caused by plaque buildup or blood clots, reduce the diameter of the vessels and create resistance, slowing down blood flow. High blood pressure, also known as hypertension, can damage blood vessel walls, making them stiffer and less able to relax, which also hinders blood flow. Additionally, increased blood viscosity, which can occur due to dehydration or certain medical conditions, makes blood thicker and more difficult to circulate, further slowing down its flow', "Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is high blood pressure, which causes the blood vessels to narrow, restricting blood flow. Additionally, the buildup of plaque in the blood vessels, known as atherosclerosis, can also impede blood flow by creating blockages. Other factors such as blood clots, varicose veins, and poor circulation due to diabetes or smoking can also contribute to reduced blood flow. Furthermore, certain medical conditions like Raynaud's disease, which affects blood flow to the fingers and toes, can also slow down blood circulation. Understanding these factors can help individuals take preventive"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 33, 'docs_len': 3230, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One primary factor is blood vessels narrowing or constricting, which increases resistance and reduces the rate at which blood flows. Additionally, blockages such as blood clots or plaque buildup in the arteries can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, conditions like high blood pressure and atherosclerosis can cause the blood vessels to become stiff and less flexible, leading to reduced blood flow. External factors, including extreme cold temperatures and dehydration, can also contribute to slowed blood flow by causing blood vessels to constrict.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The flow of blood through the body can be slowed down by several factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, high blood pressure, and increased blood viscosity. Additionally, conditions such as atherosclerosis, which involves the buildup of plaque in the arteries, and blood clots can also impede blood flow. Furthermore, external factors like cold temperatures and dehydration can cause blood vessels to constrict, reducing blood flow and circulation. Understanding these factors is crucial for maintaining healthy blood circulation and overall cardiovascular well-being.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is the narrowing or constriction of blood vessels, which can be caused by conditions such as atherosclerosis, where plaque builds up in the arteries. Additionally, increased blood viscosity, or thickness, can also impede blood flow, often resulting from dehydration or high levels of red blood cells. Furthermore, external pressures on blood vessels, such as those caused by tumors or inflammation, can compress blood vessels and restrict blood flow. These factors can lead to a range of health issues, including decreased oxygen delivery to tissues and organs, highlighting the importance of maintaining healthy blood', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The flow of blood in the body can be slowed down by various factors, including narrowed or blocked blood vessels, high blood pressure, and increased blood viscosity. Narrowed or blocked blood vessels, often caused by plaque buildup or blood clots, reduce the diameter of the vessels and create resistance, slowing down blood flow. High blood pressure, also known as hypertension, can damage blood vessel walls, making them stiffer and less able to relax, which also hinders blood flow. Additionally, increased blood viscosity, which can occur due to dehydration or certain medical conditions, makes blood thicker and more difficult to circulate, further slowing down its flow', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Several factors can slow down the flow of blood in the body. One major factor is high blood pressure, which causes the blood vessels to narrow, restricting blood flow. Additionally, the buildup of plaque in the blood vessels, known as atherosclerosis, can also impede blood flow by creating blockages. Other factors such as blood clots, varicose veins, and poor circulation due to diabetes or smoking can also contribute to reduced blood flow. Furthermore, certain medical conditions like Raynaud's disease, which affects blood flow to the fingers and toes, can also slow down blood circulation. Understanding these factors can help individuals take preventive"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 507445):
Original:     symptoms of different types of brain bleeds
Reformulated: symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different ty...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often causes sudden and severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs in the space surrounding the brain, may result in a sudden and severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, along with neck stiffness and sensitivity to light. An epidural hemorrhage, located between the skull and the outer membrane covering the brain, can lead to symptoms such as headache, confusion', 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can present with varying symptoms depending on their location and severity. Epidural hemorrhages, which occur between the skull and the outer membrane covering the brain, often cause symptoms such as severe headache, confusion, and loss of consciousness due to increased pressure on the brain. Subdural hemorrhages, occurring between the brain and its outer membrane, may lead to symptoms like dizziness, weakness, and changes in mental state. In contrast, intracerebral hemorrhages, which occur within the brain tissue itself, can cause sudden weakness, numbness, or paralysis of the face, arm', 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headaches, confusion, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, typically causes a sudden and extremely painful headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. An epidural hematoma, which occurs between the skull and the outer layer covering the brain, may cause headache, confusion, and loss', 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often causes sudden and severe headaches, vomiting, seizures, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space surrounding the brain, typically presents with a sudden, severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. An epidural hemorrhage, located between the skull and the outer layer of the brain', 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in different forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and altered mental status. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space between the brain and skull, typically causes a sudden, severe headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. An epidural hematoma, which forms between the skull and outer layer of the brain, may lead to a loss of consciousness, confusion, and seizures, while a subdural hematoma'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3111, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often causes sudden and severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs in the space surrounding the brain, may result in a sudden and severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, along with neck stiffness and sensitivity to light. An epidural hemorrhage, located between the skull and the outer membrane covering the brain, can lead to symptoms such as headache, confusion', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can present with varying symptoms depending on their location and severity. Epidural hemorrhages, which occur between the skull and the outer membrane covering the brain, often cause symptoms such as severe headache, confusion, and loss of consciousness due to increased pressure on the brain. Subdural hemorrhages, occurring between the brain and its outer membrane, may lead to symptoms like dizziness, weakness, and changes in mental state. In contrast, intracerebral hemorrhages, which occur within the brain tissue itself, can cause sudden weakness, numbness, or paralysis of the face, arm', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headaches, confusion, vomiting, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, which occurs between the brain and the tissue covering it, typically causes a sudden and extremely painful headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. An epidural hematoma, which occurs between the skull and the outer layer covering the brain, may cause headache, confusion, and loss', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in various forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often causes sudden and severe headaches, vomiting, seizures, and weakness or numbness in the face, arm, or leg. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space surrounding the brain, typically presents with a sudden, severe headache, often described as "the worst headache" ever experienced, accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. An epidural hemorrhage, located between the skull and the outer layer of the brain', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Brain bleeds, also known as cerebral hemorrhages, can manifest in different forms, each with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage, which occurs within the brain tissue, often presents with sudden and severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and altered mental status. A subarachnoid hemorrhage, occurring in the space between the brain and skull, typically causes a sudden, severe headache, stiff neck, and sensitivity to light. An epidural hematoma, which forms between the skull and outer layer of the brain, may lead to a loss of consciousness, confusion, and seizures, while a subdural hematoma'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

