Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 23849):
Original:     are naturalization records public information
Reformulated: are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalizati...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Naturalization records are generally considered public information, as they are government documents that detail an individual's process of becoming a citizen. In the United States, for example, naturalization records are typically maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and are available to the public through various online databases and physical archives. These records often include valuable information such as the individual's name, birthdate, birthplace, and date of naturalization, making them a useful resource for genealogists, researchers, and individuals seeking to learn more about their family history. However, it's worth noting that some naturalization records may be restricted or", "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, but their accessibility may vary depending on the country and the time period in which they were created. In the United States, for instance, naturalization records are public records and can be obtained through the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records typically include information such as the applicant's name, birthdate, place of birth, and date of naturalization, among other details. While some older records may be available online, others may require a formal request or a visit to a physical archive. Additionally, some information", "In the United States, naturalization records are indeed considered public information, with certain exceptions. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While most naturalization records are open to the public, some information may be restricted or redacted to protect the privacy of the individual, such as social security numbers or other sensitive details. Generally, the public can access naturalization records through online databases, genealogy websites, or by visiting a local USCIS office or N", 'In the United States, naturalization records are indeed considered public information. These records, which document the process by which an immigrant becomes a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Once a naturalization petition is granted, the resulting records are generally open to the public and can be accessed through various means, including online databases, genealogy websites, and in-person visits to archives and libraries. However, some personal information, such as social security numbers and immigration status, may be redacted to protect individual privacy. Overall', "In the United States, naturalization records are indeed public information, but the level of access can vary depending on the age of the records and the jurisdiction in which they were created. Generally, naturalization records that are more than 100 years old are publicly available and can be accessed through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or online through genealogy websites. However, more recent records may be restricted due to privacy laws, and access may be limited to the individual named in the record or their authorized representatives. Additionally, some states and courts may have specific laws or regulations governing access to naturalization records, so it's essential"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 3524, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, as they are government documents that detail an individual's process of becoming a citizen. In the United States, for example, naturalization records are typically maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and are available to the public through various online databases and physical archives. These records often include valuable information such as the individual's name, birthdate, birthplace, and date of naturalization, making them a useful resource for genealogists, researchers, and individuals seeking to learn more about their family history. However, it's worth noting that some naturalization records may be restricted or", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, but their accessibility may vary depending on the country and the time period in which they were created. In the United States, for instance, naturalization records are public records and can be obtained through the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records typically include information such as the applicant's name, birthdate, place of birth, and date of naturalization, among other details. While some older records may be available online, others may require a formal request or a visit to a physical archive. Additionally, some information", 'pseudo_doc_3': "In the United States, naturalization records are indeed considered public information, with certain exceptions. These records, which document an individual's process of becoming a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). While most naturalization records are open to the public, some information may be restricted or redacted to protect the privacy of the individual, such as social security numbers or other sensitive details. Generally, the public can access naturalization records through online databases, genealogy websites, or by visiting a local USCIS office or N", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'In the United States, naturalization records are indeed considered public information. These records, which document the process by which an immigrant becomes a U.S. citizen, are typically maintained by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Once a naturalization petition is granted, the resulting records are generally open to the public and can be accessed through various means, including online databases, genealogy websites, and in-person visits to archives and libraries. However, some personal information, such as social security numbers and immigration status, may be redacted to protect individual privacy. Overall', 'pseudo_doc_5': "In the United States, naturalization records are indeed public information, but the level of access can vary depending on the age of the records and the jurisdiction in which they were created. Generally, naturalization records that are more than 100 years old are publicly available and can be accessed through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or online through genealogy websites. However, more recent records may be restricted due to privacy laws, and access may be limited to the individual named in the record or their authorized representatives. Additionally, some states and courts may have specific laws or regulations governing access to naturalization records, so it's essential"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 156498):
Original:     do google docs auto save
Reformulated: do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that stores your work in real-time, eliminating the need for manual saving. As you type, your document is continuously saved to your Google Drive account, allowing you to access your latest changes from any device with an internet connection. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, enabling you to revert to previous versions of your document if needed, providing an extra layer of security and peace of mind while working on important documents.', 'Google Docs features an automatic saving function that periodically saves your work as you type. This means that you don\'t need to manually save your documents every few minutes, as the system saves your progress at regular intervals. In fact, Google Docs saves your work in real-time, so even if you close your browser or experience an unexpected interruption, your most recent changes are preserved. You can verify this by looking at the top of the document window, where it displays "Saving..." or "All changes saved" to indicate the auto-save status, providing peace of mind and protection against data loss.', 'Google Docs offers an automatic saving feature that ensures your work is constantly protected. As you type, Google Docs saves your document at regular intervals, eliminating the need for manual saving. This auto-save feature is enabled by default and works in real-time, storing your changes instantly as you make them. Even if you close your browser or experience an unexpected interruption, your work will be preserved, allowing you to pick up right where you left off when you return to your document. This seamless auto-save functionality provides peace of mind and helps prevent data loss, making Google Docs a reliable choice for creating and editing documents online.', 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that regularly saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This autosave function operates in the background, storing changes to your document at frequent intervals, typically every few seconds. Moreover, any changes made to a document are saved to Google Drive, allowing users to access their updated files from any device with an internet connection. In the event of an unexpected interruption, such as a power outage or lost internet connection, Google Docs will recover your work to the last autosaved point, minimizing the risk of lost work.', "Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that ensures your work is continually saved as you edit. This means that every few seconds, any changes you make to your document are saved to Google's servers, eliminating the need for manual saving. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, allowing you to revert to previous versions of your document if needed. This auto-save feature provides peace of mind and helps prevent data loss in case of an unexpected interruption or internet connection issue."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 20, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 2931, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that stores your work in real-time, eliminating the need for manual saving. As you type, your document is continuously saved to your Google Drive account, allowing you to access your latest changes from any device with an internet connection. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, enabling you to revert to previous versions of your document if needed, providing an extra layer of security and peace of mind while working on important documents.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Google Docs features an automatic saving function that periodically saves your work as you type. This means that you don\'t need to manually save your documents every few minutes, as the system saves your progress at regular intervals. In fact, Google Docs saves your work in real-time, so even if you close your browser or experience an unexpected interruption, your most recent changes are preserved. You can verify this by looking at the top of the document window, where it displays "Saving..." or "All changes saved" to indicate the auto-save status, providing peace of mind and protection against data loss.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Google Docs offers an automatic saving feature that ensures your work is constantly protected. As you type, Google Docs saves your document at regular intervals, eliminating the need for manual saving. This auto-save feature is enabled by default and works in real-time, storing your changes instantly as you make them. Even if you close your browser or experience an unexpected interruption, your work will be preserved, allowing you to pick up right where you left off when you return to your document. This seamless auto-save functionality provides peace of mind and helps prevent data loss, making Google Docs a reliable choice for creating and editing documents online.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that regularly saves your work as you type, eliminating the need for manual saving. This autosave function operates in the background, storing changes to your document at frequent intervals, typically every few seconds. Moreover, any changes made to a document are saved to Google Drive, allowing users to access their updated files from any device with an internet connection. In the event of an unexpected interruption, such as a power outage or lost internet connection, Google Docs will recover your work to the last autosaved point, minimizing the risk of lost work.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Google Docs features an automatic saving mechanism that ensures your work is continually saved as you edit. This means that every few seconds, any changes you make to your document are saved to Google's servers, eliminating the need for manual saving. Additionally, a revision history is maintained, allowing you to revert to previous versions of your document if needed. This auto-save feature provides peace of mind and helps prevent data loss in case of an unexpected interruption or internet connection issue."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 258062):
Original:     how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth
Reformulated: how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it tak...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The duration of wisdom tooth removal surgery can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complicated procedure, such as impacted tooth removal, may take up to 60 minutes or more. The entire process, including preparation and recovery, usually lasts about 1-2 hours. It's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's post-operative instructions to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery, which typically takes a few days to a week.", "The duration of wisdom tooth removal varies depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully visible and easily accessible, typically takes around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, if the tooth is impacted, or partially buried under the gum and bone, the procedure can take significantly longer, often ranging from 30-60 minutes or more per tooth. In some cases, the dentist or oral surgeon may need to make an incision in the gum, remove bone tissue, or section the tooth, which can also extend the procedure time. Overall, the entire process,", "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, whereas a more complex surgical extraction may require 30-60 minutes or more. The procedure is typically performed under local anesthesia, and recovery time can range from a few days to a week, during which patients may experience swelling, bruising, and discomfort that can be managed with pain medication and ice packs. It's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's post-operative instructions to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery.", "The removal of a wisdom tooth, also known as a third molar, can be a simple or complex procedure, depending on the tooth's position and development. Generally, a simple extraction, where the tooth is fully exposed and easily accessible, can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth to complete. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially buried under the gum and bone, the procedure can take longer, typically ranging from 30 minutes to several hours, and may require a more involved surgical extraction. In some cases, the procedure may be performed under general anesthesia, which can add to the overall recovery time, but the actual", "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure can vary depending on the complexity of the case and the individual's overall oral health. On average, a simple wisdom tooth extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex procedure, such as an impacted tooth removal, may take anywhere from 30-60 minutes or even longer. Typically, the entire process, including preparation and recovery time, can last around 1-2 hours. However, it's essential to consult with a dentist or oral surgeon to get a more accurate estimate based on your specific situation, as they will assess the difficulty of the procedure and provide"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 3134, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The duration of wisdom tooth removal surgery can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complicated procedure, such as impacted tooth removal, may take up to 60 minutes or more. The entire process, including preparation and recovery, usually lasts about 1-2 hours. It's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's post-operative instructions to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery, which typically takes a few days to a week.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The duration of wisdom tooth removal varies depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. A simple extraction, where the tooth is fully visible and easily accessible, typically takes around 10-30 minutes per tooth. However, if the tooth is impacted, or partially buried under the gum and bone, the procedure can take significantly longer, often ranging from 30-60 minutes or more per tooth. In some cases, the dentist or oral surgeon may need to make an incision in the gum, remove bone tissue, or section the tooth, which can also extend the procedure time. Overall, the entire process,", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on the complexity of the procedure and the individual's overall oral health. Generally, a simple extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, whereas a more complex surgical extraction may require 30-60 minutes or more. The procedure is typically performed under local anesthesia, and recovery time can range from a few days to a week, during which patients may experience swelling, bruising, and discomfort that can be managed with pain medication and ice packs. It's essential to follow the dentist's or oral surgeon's post-operative instructions to ensure a smooth and speedy recovery.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The removal of a wisdom tooth, also known as a third molar, can be a simple or complex procedure, depending on the tooth's position and development. Generally, a simple extraction, where the tooth is fully exposed and easily accessible, can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth to complete. However, if the tooth is impacted or partially buried under the gum and bone, the procedure can take longer, typically ranging from 30 minutes to several hours, and may require a more involved surgical extraction. In some cases, the procedure may be performed under general anesthesia, which can add to the overall recovery time, but the actual", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The duration of a wisdom tooth removal procedure can vary depending on the complexity of the case and the individual's overall oral health. On average, a simple wisdom tooth extraction can take around 10-30 minutes per tooth, while a more complex procedure, such as an impacted tooth removal, may take anywhere from 30-60 minutes or even longer. Typically, the entire process, including preparation and recovery time, can last around 1-2 hours. However, it's essential to consult with a dentist or oral surgeon to get a more accurate estimate based on your specific situation, as they will assess the difficulty of the procedure and provide"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1071750):
Original:     why is pete rose banned from hall of fame
Reformulated: why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hal...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Pete Rose, widely regarded as one of the greatest baseball players of all time, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to a scandal involving betting on the sport. In 1985, while serving as the manager of the Cincinnati Reds, Rose was investigated by Major League Baseball (MLB) for allegedly betting on baseball games, including those involving his own team. Although Rose initially denied the allegations, he eventually admitted to betting on baseball in his 2004 autobiography. As a result, MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti imposed a lifetime ban on Rose, making him ineligible for the Hall of Fame. The', "Pete Rose, baseball's all-time hits leader, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games, including those of his own team, while he was a player and manager. In 1985, an investigation led by Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found Rose guilty of violating Major League Baseball's Rule 21, which prohibits betting on the sport. As a result, Rose was placed on the league's permanently ineligible list, making him ineligible for Hall of Fame consideration. Despite numerous appeals and attempts to reinstate his eligibility, the ban remains in place, excluding Rose from Cooper", 'Pete Rose, the all-time Major League Baseball hits leader, is banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to a lifelong suspension imposed by then-MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti in 1989. The ban stems from allegations that Rose bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, while he was a player and manager. Although Rose initially denied the claims, he later admitted to betting on baseball in his 2004 autobiography. As a result, he is ineligible for Hall of Fame consideration, despite his remarkable on-field achievements, which include 4,256 career hits and three World Series rings.', 'Pete Rose, also known as "Charlie Hustle," is one of the most iconic players in Major League Baseball history. Despite holding the record for most career hits with 4,256, Rose is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games, including those in which he played and managed. In 1985, an investigation led by then-MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found that Rose had bet on baseball, which is strictly prohibited by the league. As a result, Rose was permanently ineligible for Hall of Fame induction, a ban that has been upheld by subsequent', "Pete Rose, the all-time Major League Baseball leader in hits, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in a sports betting scandal. In 1985, an investigation revealed that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of MLB's rules against betting on games led to his permanent ineligibility for the Hall of Fame, as mandated by then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti. Despite his impressive on-field accomplishments, including 4,256 hits and three World Series rings, Rose's"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 3075, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Pete Rose, widely regarded as one of the greatest baseball players of all time, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to a scandal involving betting on the sport. In 1985, while serving as the manager of the Cincinnati Reds, Rose was investigated by Major League Baseball (MLB) for allegedly betting on baseball games, including those involving his own team. Although Rose initially denied the allegations, he eventually admitted to betting on baseball in his 2004 autobiography. As a result, MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti imposed a lifetime ban on Rose, making him ineligible for the Hall of Fame. The', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Pete Rose, baseball's all-time hits leader, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games, including those of his own team, while he was a player and manager. In 1985, an investigation led by Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found Rose guilty of violating Major League Baseball's Rule 21, which prohibits betting on the sport. As a result, Rose was placed on the league's permanently ineligible list, making him ineligible for Hall of Fame consideration. Despite numerous appeals and attempts to reinstate his eligibility, the ban remains in place, excluding Rose from Cooper", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Pete Rose, the all-time Major League Baseball hits leader, is banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to a lifelong suspension imposed by then-MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti in 1989. The ban stems from allegations that Rose bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, while he was a player and manager. Although Rose initially denied the claims, he later admitted to betting on baseball in his 2004 autobiography. As a result, he is ineligible for Hall of Fame consideration, despite his remarkable on-field achievements, which include 4,256 career hits and three World Series rings.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Pete Rose, also known as "Charlie Hustle," is one of the most iconic players in Major League Baseball history. Despite holding the record for most career hits with 4,256, Rose is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games, including those in which he played and managed. In 1985, an investigation led by then-MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti found that Rose had bet on baseball, which is strictly prohibited by the league. As a result, Rose was permanently ineligible for Hall of Fame induction, a ban that has been upheld by subsequent', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Pete Rose, the all-time Major League Baseball leader in hits, is banned from the National Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in a sports betting scandal. In 1985, an investigation revealed that Rose had bet on baseball games, including those involving his own team, the Cincinnati Reds, while he was a player and manager. This violation of MLB's rules against betting on games led to his permanent ineligibility for the Hall of Fame, as mandated by then-Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti. Despite his impressive on-field accomplishments, including 4,256 hits and three World Series rings, Rose's"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 67316):
Original:     can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy
Reformulated: can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarri...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["A high fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that fevers above 102°F (38.9°C) may interfere with fetal development, particularly during the first trimester when the fetus is most vulnerable. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will lead to miscarriage, and many women experience fever during pregnancy without any negative effects. If a pregnant woman develops a fever, it's crucial to seek medical attention promptly to manage the underlying cause and reduce the risk of complications. In most cases, appropriate treatment and care can help mitigate the risks associated with fever and support a healthy", "Fever during early pregnancy can be a cause for concern, as it may potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can affect fetal development and potentially lead to miscarriage, particularly during the first trimester. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in miscarriage, and the likelihood of this occurrence depends on various factors, including the severity and duration of the fever, as well as the overall health of the mother. If a pregnant woman experiences a fever, it's crucial to consult a healthcare provider for proper evaluation and guidance to", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but the relationship between fever and miscarriage risk is complex. Generally, a mild fever, typically below 102°F (39°C), is unlikely to cause a miscarriage. However, a high fever, usually above 104°F (40°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it's related to an infection. It's crucial for pregnant women to seek medical attention if they experience a fever, as the underlying cause, such as a bacterial or viral infection, may need to be treated to minimize potential risks to the pregnancy. Women with a fever during early pregnancy should", "Having a fever during early pregnancy can pose a risk to the developing fetus. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it occurs during the first trimester. This is because the fetus is most vulnerable to temperature fluctuations during the early stages of development. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will lead to miscarriage, and the risk is generally higher if the fever is severe, prolonged, or accompanied by other underlying health conditions. If you're experiencing a fever during early pregnancy, it's crucial to consult your healthcare provider for proper", "A fever during early pregnancy can be a concern for expectant mothers, as it may potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 101.5°F (38.6°C), can cause stress to the embryo, leading to an increased risk of miscarriage. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in miscarriage, and the relationship between fever and pregnancy loss is still being studied. If a pregnant woman experiences a fever, it's crucial to seek medical attention promptly to receive proper evaluation and treatment, as reducing the fever and addressing any underlying infections can help minimize"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3265, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "A high fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that fevers above 102°F (38.9°C) may interfere with fetal development, particularly during the first trimester when the fetus is most vulnerable. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will lead to miscarriage, and many women experience fever during pregnancy without any negative effects. If a pregnant woman develops a fever, it's crucial to seek medical attention promptly to manage the underlying cause and reduce the risk of complications. In most cases, appropriate treatment and care can help mitigate the risks associated with fever and support a healthy", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Fever during early pregnancy can be a cause for concern, as it may potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can affect fetal development and potentially lead to miscarriage, particularly during the first trimester. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in miscarriage, and the likelihood of this occurrence depends on various factors, including the severity and duration of the fever, as well as the overall health of the mother. If a pregnant woman experiences a fever, it's crucial to consult a healthcare provider for proper evaluation and guidance to", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can be concerning, but the relationship between fever and miscarriage risk is complex. Generally, a mild fever, typically below 102°F (39°C), is unlikely to cause a miscarriage. However, a high fever, usually above 104°F (40°C), may increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it's related to an infection. It's crucial for pregnant women to seek medical attention if they experience a fever, as the underlying cause, such as a bacterial or viral infection, may need to be treated to minimize potential risks to the pregnancy. Women with a fever during early pregnancy should", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Having a fever during early pregnancy can pose a risk to the developing fetus. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 102°F (39°C), can increase the risk of miscarriage, particularly if it occurs during the first trimester. This is because the fetus is most vulnerable to temperature fluctuations during the early stages of development. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will lead to miscarriage, and the risk is generally higher if the fever is severe, prolonged, or accompanied by other underlying health conditions. If you're experiencing a fever during early pregnancy, it's crucial to consult your healthcare provider for proper", 'pseudo_doc_5': "A fever during early pregnancy can be a concern for expectant mothers, as it may potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. Research suggests that a high fever, typically above 101.5°F (38.6°C), can cause stress to the embryo, leading to an increased risk of miscarriage. However, it's essential to note that not all fevers will result in miscarriage, and the relationship between fever and pregnancy loss is still being studied. If a pregnant woman experiences a fever, it's crucial to seek medical attention promptly to receive proper evaluation and treatment, as reducing the fever and addressing any underlying infections can help minimize"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 169208):
Original:     does mississippi have an income tax
Reformulated: does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi hav...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that does have a state income tax. The state imposes a progressive income tax system, with rates ranging from 3% to 5% of taxable income. Residents are required to file a state tax return and report their income, deductions, and credits. However, the state also offers various exemptions and deductions, such as a exemption on the first $1,000 of income for single filers and $2,000 for joint filers, to help reduce the tax burden on low- and middle-income individuals. Overall, while Mississippi does have an income tax, the rates are', "Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that ranges from 3% to 5% of an individual's taxable income. The state taxes most types of income, including wages, salaries, and self-employment income, but it does offer some exemptions and deductions, such as a standard deduction and exemptions for certain types of retirement income. Overall, while Mississippi's income tax rates are relatively low compared to other states, residents should still be aware of their tax obligations and plan accordingly to minimize their tax liability.", "The state of Mississippi does indeed have a state income tax, which is levied on the income earned by its residents. The state's income tax system is progressive, with three tax brackets ranging from 3% to 5%. The lowest bracket applies to the first $1,000 of taxable income, while the top bracket applies to taxable income over $10,000. However, it's worth noting that the first $12,000 of income earned by individuals and $24,000 earned by joint filers is exempt from state tax. Additionally, Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income,", 'The state of Mississippi does indeed have an income tax. The Mississippi Department of Revenue collects income tax from its residents, with a progressive tax system that ranges from 3% to 5% of taxable income. The tax brackets are adjusted annually for inflation. Mississippi residents are required to file a state income tax return if their gross income exceeds certain thresholds, which vary based on filing status. While the state does impose an income tax, it also offers various deductions and credits to help reduce the tax liability for its residents, including a deduction for federal income tax paid.', "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state has a progressive income tax system, with tax rates ranging from 3% to 5% depending on the taxpayer's income level. For the 2022 tax year, the tax rates are as follows: 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income above $10,000. However, it's worth noting that Mississippi allows a standard deduction and personal exemptions, which can"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 35, 'docs_len': 2883, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that does have a state income tax. The state imposes a progressive income tax system, with rates ranging from 3% to 5% of taxable income. Residents are required to file a state tax return and report their income, deductions, and credits. However, the state also offers various exemptions and deductions, such as a exemption on the first $1,000 of income for single filers and $2,000 for joint filers, to help reduce the tax burden on low- and middle-income individuals. Overall, while Mississippi does have an income tax, the rates are', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Mississippi does have a state income tax, with a progressive tax system that ranges from 3% to 5% of an individual's taxable income. The state taxes most types of income, including wages, salaries, and self-employment income, but it does offer some exemptions and deductions, such as a standard deduction and exemptions for certain types of retirement income. Overall, while Mississippi's income tax rates are relatively low compared to other states, residents should still be aware of their tax obligations and plan accordingly to minimize their tax liability.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The state of Mississippi does indeed have a state income tax, which is levied on the income earned by its residents. The state's income tax system is progressive, with three tax brackets ranging from 3% to 5%. The lowest bracket applies to the first $1,000 of taxable income, while the top bracket applies to taxable income over $10,000. However, it's worth noting that the first $12,000 of income earned by individuals and $24,000 earned by joint filers is exempt from state tax. Additionally, Mississippi allows taxpayers to deduct their federal income tax payments from their state taxable income,", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The state of Mississippi does indeed have an income tax. The Mississippi Department of Revenue collects income tax from its residents, with a progressive tax system that ranges from 3% to 5% of taxable income. The tax brackets are adjusted annually for inflation. Mississippi residents are required to file a state income tax return if their gross income exceeds certain thresholds, which vary based on filing status. While the state does impose an income tax, it also offers various deductions and credits to help reduce the tax liability for its residents, including a deduction for federal income tax paid.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Mississippi is one of the states in the United States that imposes a state income tax on its residents. The state has a progressive income tax system, with tax rates ranging from 3% to 5% depending on the taxpayer's income level. For the 2022 tax year, the tax rates are as follows: 3% on the first $5,000 of taxable income, 4% on taxable income between $5,001 and $10,000, and 5% on taxable income above $10,000. However, it's worth noting that Mississippi allows a standard deduction and personal exemptions, which can"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 938400):
Original:     when did family feud come out?
Reformulated: when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did famil...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American entertainment, with numerous revivals and hosts over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010.', "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with various hosts and iterations over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's concept, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring part of entertainment history.", 'Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American entertainment, with numerous revivals and spin-offs over the years, including the current version hosted by Steve Harvey, which debuted in 2010.', 'Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show features two families competing against each other to guess the most popular responses to survey questions. Since its debut, the show has undergone several revamps and has been hosted by various personalities, including Richard Dawson, Louie Anderson, and Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. With its engaging format and entertaining hosts, Family Feud has become a staple in American television, entertaining audiences for over four decades.', 'Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and host changes over the years, including current host Steve Harvey.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2125, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American entertainment, with numerous revivals and hosts over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with various hosts and iterations over the years, including Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. The show's concept, which involves two families competing to guess the most popular responses to survey questions, has remained largely unchanged, making it a beloved and enduring part of entertainment history.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American entertainment, with numerous revivals and spin-offs over the years, including the current version hosted by Steve Harvey, which debuted in 2010.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Family Feud, a popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show features two families competing against each other to guess the most popular responses to survey questions. Since its debut, the show has undergone several revamps and has been hosted by various personalities, including Richard Dawson, Louie Anderson, and Steve Harvey, who has been hosting the show since 2010. With its engaging format and entertaining hosts, Family Feud has become a staple in American television, entertaining audiences for over four decades.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Family Feud, the popular American television game show, first premiered on July 12, 1976. Created by Mark Goodson, the show was originally hosted by Richard Dawson and has since become a staple of American television, with numerous revivals and host changes over the years, including current host Steve Harvey.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1108651):
Original:     what the best way to get clothes white
Reformulated: what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing, as this increases the likelihood of removing tough marks. Using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners, can also help. Soaking clothes in a mixture of warm water and bleach or laundry boosters can be effective, but it's crucial to follow the product instructions and test a small area first to avoid damaging the fabric. Additionally, washing clothes in hot water and hanging them to dry in sunlight can help to naturally whiten and brighten them. Regularly washing clothes in cold water with a mild detergent can also", "To achieve perfectly white clothes, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. Start by sorting your whites from colored clothes to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any tough stains with a stain remover or a mixture of equal parts water and white vinegar. Then, wash your clothes in hot water using a detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as one containing optical brighteners. For particularly stubborn stains or yellowing, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or baking soda to your wash cycle. Finally, hang your clothes to dry in sunlight, as UV rays can help to naturally whiten", "To get clothes white, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. Start by sorting whites from colors to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any stains with a stain remover or a mixture of equal parts water and white vinegar. Then, wash the clothes in hot water using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners. Additionally, consider adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda or oxygen bleach, like OxiClean, to the wash cycle to enhance the whitening effect. Finally, hang the clothes outside in direct sunlight to dry, as UV", "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing. Soaking the clothes in a solution of warm water and laundry detergent can help loosen tough stains. Adding a laundry booster or optical brightener can also enhance the whitening effect. For tougher stains, consider using a mixture of equal parts water and white vinegar or a stain remover containing enzymes. When washing, use the hottest water suitable for the fabric type and a good quality laundry detergent. Additionally, hanging clothes outside to dry in sunlight can help naturally whiten and brighten them due to the sun's ultraviolet rays. Regularly washing clothes in cold water", "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing, as this helps prevent them from setting in. Using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners, can also make a significant difference. For tougher stains, soaking the clothes in a solution of warm water and baking soda or oxygen bleach can be effective. Additionally, washing clothes in hot water and hanging them outside to dry in sunlight can help maintain their whiteness, as sunlight has natural bleaching properties. Regularly washing whites separately from colored clothes can also help prevent dye transfer and keep them looking their brightest."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3311, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing, as this increases the likelihood of removing tough marks. Using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners, can also help. Soaking clothes in a mixture of warm water and bleach or laundry boosters can be effective, but it's crucial to follow the product instructions and test a small area first to avoid damaging the fabric. Additionally, washing clothes in hot water and hanging them to dry in sunlight can help to naturally whiten and brighten them. Regularly washing clothes in cold water with a mild detergent can also", 'pseudo_doc_2': "To achieve perfectly white clothes, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. Start by sorting your whites from colored clothes to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any tough stains with a stain remover or a mixture of equal parts water and white vinegar. Then, wash your clothes in hot water using a detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as one containing optical brighteners. For particularly stubborn stains or yellowing, consider adding a laundry booster like OxiClean or baking soda to your wash cycle. Finally, hang your clothes to dry in sunlight, as UV rays can help to naturally whiten", 'pseudo_doc_3': "To get clothes white, it's essential to use a combination of proper washing techniques and effective laundry products. Start by sorting whites from colors to prevent dye transfer. Next, pre-treat any stains with a stain remover or a mixture of equal parts water and white vinegar. Then, wash the clothes in hot water using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners. Additionally, consider adding a 1/2 cup of baking soda or oxygen bleach, like OxiClean, to the wash cycle to enhance the whitening effect. Finally, hang the clothes outside in direct sunlight to dry, as UV", 'pseudo_doc_4': "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing. Soaking the clothes in a solution of warm water and laundry detergent can help loosen tough stains. Adding a laundry booster or optical brightener can also enhance the whitening effect. For tougher stains, consider using a mixture of equal parts water and white vinegar or a stain remover containing enzymes. When washing, use the hottest water suitable for the fabric type and a good quality laundry detergent. Additionally, hanging clothes outside to dry in sunlight can help naturally whiten and brighten them due to the sun's ultraviolet rays. Regularly washing clothes in cold water", 'pseudo_doc_5': "To get clothes white, it's essential to pre-treat any stains before washing, as this helps prevent them from setting in. Using a laundry detergent specifically designed for whitening, such as those containing optical brighteners, can also make a significant difference. For tougher stains, soaking the clothes in a solution of warm water and baking soda or oxygen bleach can be effective. Additionally, washing clothes in hot water and hanging them outside to dry in sunlight can help maintain their whiteness, as sunlight has natural bleaching properties. Regularly washing whites separately from colored clothes can also help prevent dye transfer and keep them looking their brightest."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1037496):
Original:     who is rep scalise?
Reformulated: who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Representative Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and has been a member of Congress since 2008. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. In 2017, he survived a life-threatening gunshot wound during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, and his recovery and return to Congress garnered widespread attention and support. Known for his conservative stance on issues like gun rights, healthcare, and taxes, Scalise", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He has represented Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008. Scalise is a member of the Republican Party and has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. Prior to his congressional career, Scalise served in the Louisiana State Legislature from 1996 to 2008. He is known for his conservative policy stances and has been a key figure in shaping the Republican Party's legislative agenda. In 2017, Scalise survived a shooting", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States Congress. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and has been a member of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2008. Scalise is a Republican and has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He is known for his conservative views and has been a strong supporter of Republican policies, including tax cuts and gun rights. In 2017, Scalise survived a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, which left him critically injured. Despite the incident, he", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected to Congress in 2008, Scalise has held various leadership positions within the Republican Party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He is known for his conservative stance on issues such as gun rights, healthcare, and taxation. In 2017, Scalise survived a gunshot wound during a baseball practice shooting in Virginia, which further elevated his national profile. As a prominent figure in the Republican Party, Rep. Scalise continues to play a significant role in shaping policy", "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected to Congress in 2008, Scalise has risen through the ranks, holding key leadership positions including House Majority Whip. A conservative Republican, he is known for his advocacy on issues like tax reform, gun rights, and healthcare. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening shooting during a congressional baseball practice, which has since influenced his legislative work and public profile. As a prominent figure in the U.S. House of Representatives, Scalise continues to play a significant role in shaping national"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 28, 'query_len': 19, 'docs_len': 3257, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Representative Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and has been a member of Congress since 2008. A member of the Republican Party, Scalise has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. In 2017, he survived a life-threatening gunshot wound during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, and his recovery and return to Congress garnered widespread attention and support. Known for his conservative stance on issues like gun rights, healthcare, and taxes, Scalise", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States House of Representatives. He has represented Louisiana's 1st congressional district since 2008. Scalise is a member of the Republican Party and has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. Prior to his congressional career, Scalise served in the Louisiana State Legislature from 1996 to 2008. He is known for his conservative policy stances and has been a key figure in shaping the Republican Party's legislative agenda. In 2017, Scalise survived a shooting", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader in the United States Congress. He represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district and has been a member of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2008. Scalise is a Republican and has held various leadership positions within the party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He is known for his conservative views and has been a strong supporter of Republican policies, including tax cuts and gun rights. In 2017, Scalise survived a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, which left him critically injured. Despite the incident, he", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected to Congress in 2008, Scalise has held various leadership positions within the Republican Party, including House Majority Whip from 2014 to 2019. He is known for his conservative stance on issues such as gun rights, healthcare, and taxation. In 2017, Scalise survived a gunshot wound during a baseball practice shooting in Virginia, which further elevated his national profile. As a prominent figure in the Republican Party, Rep. Scalise continues to play a significant role in shaping policy", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Rep. Steve Scalise is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader and representative for Louisiana's 1st congressional district. First elected to Congress in 2008, Scalise has risen through the ranks, holding key leadership positions including House Majority Whip. A conservative Republican, he is known for his advocacy on issues like tax reform, gun rights, and healthcare. In 2017, Scalise survived a life-threatening shooting during a congressional baseball practice, which has since influenced his legislative work and public profile. As a prominent figure in the U.S. House of Representatives, Scalise continues to play a significant role in shaping national"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 1064670):
Original:     why do hunters pattern their shotguns?
Reformulated: why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why d...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper or cardboard, and measuring the spread of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can ensure their shotgun is functioning optimally and make informed decisions about the most effective range for taking down game. A well-patterned shotgun allows hunters to place their shots with confidence, increasing the likelihood of a clean and humane harvest, while also reducing the risk of wounding or missing their target. Regular patterning also helps hunters to identify any issues with their shotgun", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper, and measuring the distribution of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can identify the shotgun's effective range, choke constriction, and optimal load for their specific hunting needs. This information helps hunters choose the right ammunition and shooting technique to ensure a clean and efficient harvest, increasing their chances of making a humane and accurate shot.", "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure effective and humane harvesting of game. Shotguns fire a spread of pellets, and the pattern refers to the distribution of these pellets at a given distance. By patterning their shotgun, hunters can determine the optimal range and choke combination for their specific ammunition, allowing them to place a lethal amount of shot on their target. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper, at varying distances and analyzing the resulting spread of pellets. By doing so, hunters can tailor their shotgun's performance to their specific hunting needs, increasing their chances of a quick and clean kill,", 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure optimal shot distribution and effective range for their specific type of hunting. By firing their shotgun at a target, usually a large piece of paper or cardboard, hunters can visualize the spread of the shotgun pellets and determine the gun\'s effective range. This process, known as "shotgun patterning," helps hunters identify the optimal choke and ammunition combination that delivers the desired pattern density and range for their intended quarry, whether it be small game, waterfowl, or upland birds. By patterning their shotgun, hunters can increase their chances of making a clean and humane kill, while also improving their', "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure optimal performance and effectiveness in the field. Shotgun patterning involves firing the gun at a target, typically a large piece of paper or cardboard, to visualize the spread of pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can determine the shotgun's effective range, density of the pellet spread, and the gun's choke constriction, which affects the tightness of the pattern. This information allows hunters to select the best ammunition and choke combination for their shotgun, enabling them to make more accurate and humane shots on their target, whether it's a bird, deer, or other game species."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 3292, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper or cardboard, and measuring the spread of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can ensure their shotgun is functioning optimally and make informed decisions about the most effective range for taking down game. A well-patterned shotgun allows hunters to place their shots with confidence, increasing the likelihood of a clean and humane harvest, while also reducing the risk of wounding or missing their target. Regular patterning also helps hunters to identify any issues with their shotgun", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the spread and density of the shotgun's pellets at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper, and measuring the distribution of the pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can identify the shotgun's effective range, choke constriction, and optimal load for their specific hunting needs. This information helps hunters choose the right ammunition and shooting technique to ensure a clean and efficient harvest, increasing their chances of making a humane and accurate shot.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure effective and humane harvesting of game. Shotguns fire a spread of pellets, and the pattern refers to the distribution of these pellets at a given distance. By patterning their shotgun, hunters can determine the optimal range and choke combination for their specific ammunition, allowing them to place a lethal amount of shot on their target. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target, typically a large piece of paper, at varying distances and analyzing the resulting spread of pellets. By doing so, hunters can tailor their shotgun's performance to their specific hunting needs, increasing their chances of a quick and clean kill,", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure optimal shot distribution and effective range for their specific type of hunting. By firing their shotgun at a target, usually a large piece of paper or cardboard, hunters can visualize the spread of the shotgun pellets and determine the gun\'s effective range. This process, known as "shotgun patterning," helps hunters identify the optimal choke and ammunition combination that delivers the desired pattern density and range for their intended quarry, whether it be small game, waterfowl, or upland birds. By patterning their shotgun, hunters can increase their chances of making a clean and humane kill, while also improving their', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure optimal performance and effectiveness in the field. Shotgun patterning involves firing the gun at a target, typically a large piece of paper or cardboard, to visualize the spread of pellets. By analyzing the pattern, hunters can determine the shotgun's effective range, density of the pellet spread, and the gun's choke constriction, which affects the tightness of the pattern. This information allows hunters to select the best ammunition and choke combination for their shotgun, enabling them to make more accurate and humane shots on their target, whether it's a bird, deer, or other game species."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

