Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 44):
Original:     How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread of the COVID-19?
Reformulated: How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread of the COVID-19? How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread of the COVID-19? How much impact do masks have on preventing the spread o...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Masks significantly reduce the spread of COVID-19 by filtering respiratory droplets that contain the virus. Studies have shown that wearing masks, especially in conjunction with other防控措施，如社交距离和勤洗手，可以有效降低感染风险。例如，在社区传播中，佩戴口罩能够将病毒传播的风险降低约40%-65%。因此，推广和正确使用口罩是控制疫情扩散的重要手段。', 'Masks significantly reduce the spread of COVID-19 by minimizing respiratory droplets expelled during speech, coughing, and sneezing. Studies show that widespread mask use in communities can decrease infection rates. Cloth masks are effective when combined with other preventive measures like hand hygiene and social distancing. Masks, especially when worn properly and consistently, play a crucial role in curbing the transmission of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.', 'Masks play a significant role in preventing the spread of COVID-19. Studies have shown that wearing well-fitted masks can reduce the transmission of the virus by at least 60%. Masks help to contain respiratory droplets when worn by infected individuals, thereby reducing the likelihood of these droplets reaching others. For those who may be asymptomatic or pre-symptomatic, masks serve as a crucial barrier against unknowingly spreading the virus. Widespread mask usage, especially in indoor settings, has been shown to substantially decrease infection rates, making them a vital public health tool in the fight against the pandemic.', 'Masks play a significant role in preventing the spread of COVID-19. Studies have shown that wearing well-fitted masks can reduce the transmission of the virus by at least 50%. This effectiveness stems from their ability to capture respiratory droplets that contain viral particles, thus minimizing their release into the air. Additionally, masks worn by both infected individuals and those who are asymptomatic can prevent these droplets from reaching others, thereby reducing infection rates. However, for masks to be most effective, they must be worn consistently, properly fitted, and used in conjunction with other preventive measures such as social distancing and hand hygiene.', 'Masks play a significant role in preventing the spread of COVID-19 by reducing the transmission of respiratory droplets when worn properly. Studies have shown that wearing masks can decrease the risk of infection by at least 50% when used alongside other preventive measures like social distancing and hand hygiene. Cloth masks offer some protection, while medical-grade masks like N95s provide higher filtration efficiency. However, the effectiveness of masks depends on correct usage, including proper fitting, consistent wear, and regular cleaning or replacement.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 71, 'docs_len': 2632, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Masks significantly reduce the spread of COVID-19 by filtering respiratory droplets that contain the virus. Studies have shown that wearing masks, especially in conjunction with other防控措施，如社交距离和勤洗手，可以有效降低感染风险。例如，在社区传播中，佩戴口罩能够将病毒传播的风险降低约40%-65%。因此，推广和正确使用口罩是控制疫情扩散的重要手段。', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Masks significantly reduce the spread of COVID-19 by minimizing respiratory droplets expelled during speech, coughing, and sneezing. Studies show that widespread mask use in communities can decrease infection rates. Cloth masks are effective when combined with other preventive measures like hand hygiene and social distancing. Masks, especially when worn properly and consistently, play a crucial role in curbing the transmission of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Masks play a significant role in preventing the spread of COVID-19. Studies have shown that wearing well-fitted masks can reduce the transmission of the virus by at least 60%. Masks help to contain respiratory droplets when worn by infected individuals, thereby reducing the likelihood of these droplets reaching others. For those who may be asymptomatic or pre-symptomatic, masks serve as a crucial barrier against unknowingly spreading the virus. Widespread mask usage, especially in indoor settings, has been shown to substantially decrease infection rates, making them a vital public health tool in the fight against the pandemic.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Masks play a significant role in preventing the spread of COVID-19. Studies have shown that wearing well-fitted masks can reduce the transmission of the virus by at least 50%. This effectiveness stems from their ability to capture respiratory droplets that contain viral particles, thus minimizing their release into the air. Additionally, masks worn by both infected individuals and those who are asymptomatic can prevent these droplets from reaching others, thereby reducing infection rates. However, for masks to be most effective, they must be worn consistently, properly fitted, and used in conjunction with other preventive measures such as social distancing and hand hygiene.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Masks play a significant role in preventing the spread of COVID-19 by reducing the transmission of respiratory droplets when worn properly. Studies have shown that wearing masks can decrease the risk of infection by at least 50% when used alongside other preventive measures like social distancing and hand hygiene. Cloth masks offer some protection, while medical-grade masks like N95s provide higher filtration efficiency. However, the effectiveness of masks depends on correct usage, including proper fitting, consistent wear, and regular cleaning or replacement.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 45):
Original:     How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health?
Reformulated: How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health? How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health? How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted mental health? How has the COVID-19 pandemic impacted...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health globally. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased stress, anxiety, and depression among people of all ages. Mental health services have seen a surge in demand as individuals grapple with grief, unemployment, and fears about the future. Studies indicate that the pandemic has worsened existing mental health conditions and exacerbated symptoms in those previously unaffected. Additionally, the lack of physical contact and routine disruptions have led to feelings of loneliness and helplessness, contributing to a rise in mental health issues worldwide.', 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted global mental health. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased rates of anxiety, depression, and stress. Mental health services have seen a surge in demand as individuals struggle with loneliness, job loss, and health concerns. Additionally, the pandemic has exacerbated pre-existing conditions and delayed necessary treatments for many. Mental health awareness and support have become more critical than ever, with remote therapy and digital resources playing a crucial role in addressing these challenges.', "The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health globally. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased levels of anxiety, depression, and stress among populations worldwide. Mental health professionals have reported a surge in individuals seeking help for conditions such as depression and anxiety. Additionally, the pandemic has exacerbated pre-existing mental health issues and created new challenges, including fears about contracting the virus and its potential long-term effects. Telehealth services have become more prevalent, providing access to mental health care while adhering to social distancing guidelines. Overall, the pandemic's impact on mental health underscores the need for ongoing support and resources to address", 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted global mental health. Lockdowns and social distancing measures have led to increased feelings of loneliness and isolation, particularly among vulnerable populations such as elderly individuals and those with pre-existing mental health conditions. The economic downturn caused by the pandemic has also exacerbated stress and anxiety, with job losses and financial instability contributing to higher rates of depression. Additionally, the constant exposure to pandemic-related news and uncertainty about the future have heightened levels of stress and generalized anxiety disorder in the general population. Mental health services have faced challenges in providing adequate support due to reduced capacity and changes in service delivery models, often necessitating the use', 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health globally. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased levels of anxiety, depression, and stress. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there has been a notable rise in mental health conditions, with a 25% increase in reported symptoms of anxiety and depression. Moreover, frontline healthcare workers, essential workers, and individuals experiencing job losses or financial difficulties have faced heightened mental health challenges. Teletherapy and online support groups have become more prevalent but access remains uneven across different regions. Governments and organizations are increasingly recognizing the need for mental health support systems and are'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 53, 'docs_len': 3622, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health globally. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased stress, anxiety, and depression among people of all ages. Mental health services have seen a surge in demand as individuals grapple with grief, unemployment, and fears about the future. Studies indicate that the pandemic has worsened existing mental health conditions and exacerbated symptoms in those previously unaffected. Additionally, the lack of physical contact and routine disruptions have led to feelings of loneliness and helplessness, contributing to a rise in mental health issues worldwide.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted global mental health. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased rates of anxiety, depression, and stress. Mental health services have seen a surge in demand as individuals struggle with loneliness, job loss, and health concerns. Additionally, the pandemic has exacerbated pre-existing conditions and delayed necessary treatments for many. Mental health awareness and support have become more critical than ever, with remote therapy and digital resources playing a crucial role in addressing these challenges.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health globally. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased levels of anxiety, depression, and stress among populations worldwide. Mental health professionals have reported a surge in individuals seeking help for conditions such as depression and anxiety. Additionally, the pandemic has exacerbated pre-existing mental health issues and created new challenges, including fears about contracting the virus and its potential long-term effects. Telehealth services have become more prevalent, providing access to mental health care while adhering to social distancing guidelines. Overall, the pandemic's impact on mental health underscores the need for ongoing support and resources to address", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted global mental health. Lockdowns and social distancing measures have led to increased feelings of loneliness and isolation, particularly among vulnerable populations such as elderly individuals and those with pre-existing mental health conditions. The economic downturn caused by the pandemic has also exacerbated stress and anxiety, with job losses and financial instability contributing to higher rates of depression. Additionally, the constant exposure to pandemic-related news and uncertainty about the future have heightened levels of stress and generalized anxiety disorder in the general population. Mental health services have faced challenges in providing adequate support due to reduced capacity and changes in service delivery models, often necessitating the use', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted mental health globally. Lockdowns, social isolation, and economic uncertainties have led to increased levels of anxiety, depression, and stress. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there has been a notable rise in mental health conditions, with a 25% increase in reported symptoms of anxiety and depression. Moreover, frontline healthcare workers, essential workers, and individuals experiencing job losses or financial difficulties have faced heightened mental health challenges. Teletherapy and online support groups have become more prevalent but access remains uneven across different regions. Governments and organizations are increasingly recognizing the need for mental health support systems and are'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 46):
Original:     what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19?
Reformulated: what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19? what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for COVID-19? what evidence is there for dexamethasone as a treatment for ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severely ill COVID-19 patients. A large-scale randomized clinical trial conducted by the University of Oxford and involving over 11,000 patients found that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by about one-third among those requiring mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth among those receiving oxygen alone. This evidence led to the drug being recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a treatment for severe cases of COVID-19. However, the benefits were not observed in patients who did not require supplemental oxygen, indicating that its use should be tailored to the', 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severe cases of COVID-19. A randomized clinical trial conducted by the University of Oxford in April 2020 found that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by one-third in hospitalized patients who were using mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen but not mechanical ventilation. This finding was significant for patients in critical conditions, providing substantial evidence for its use as a treatment to lower fatality rates in severe cases of COVID-19.', 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severe cases of COVID-19. A randomized, controlled trial published in The Lancet in June 2020 demonstrated that dexamethasone significantly lowered the risk of death among hospitalized patients requiring oxygen or mechanical ventilation. Specifically, the mortality rate was reduced by about one-third in the group receiving dexamethasone compared to those in the placebo group. This evidence supports the use of dexamethasone as a life-saving treatment for severe COVID-19 cases, though it is not recommended for mild or moderate cases.', 'Dexamethasone has shown significant efficacy in reducing mortality rates among critically ill patients with COVID-19. A randomized clinical trial conducted by the University of Oxford, involving over 2,100 patients, demonstrated that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by about one-third in hospitalized patients who required mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen alone. These findings provide substantial evidence supporting the use of dexamethasone as a life-saving treatment for severe cases of COVID-19, particularly in intensive care settings. However, its effectiveness is limited to severe cases and may not benefit all patients,', 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severely ill COVID-19 patients. A large-scale randomized controlled trial conducted by the University of Oxford in April 2020 found that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by about one-third among ventilated patients and one-fifth among oxygen-dependent patients. This evidence supports the use of dexamethasone as a treatment for severe cases of COVID-19, particularly those requiring mechanical ventilation or supplemental oxygen.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 69, 'docs_len': 2926, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severely ill COVID-19 patients. A large-scale randomized clinical trial conducted by the University of Oxford and involving over 11,000 patients found that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by about one-third among those requiring mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth among those receiving oxygen alone. This evidence led to the drug being recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO) as a treatment for severe cases of COVID-19. However, the benefits were not observed in patients who did not require supplemental oxygen, indicating that its use should be tailored to the', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severe cases of COVID-19. A randomized clinical trial conducted by the University of Oxford in April 2020 found that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by one-third in hospitalized patients who were using mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen but not mechanical ventilation. This finding was significant for patients in critical conditions, providing substantial evidence for its use as a treatment to lower fatality rates in severe cases of COVID-19.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severe cases of COVID-19. A randomized, controlled trial published in The Lancet in June 2020 demonstrated that dexamethasone significantly lowered the risk of death among hospitalized patients requiring oxygen or mechanical ventilation. Specifically, the mortality rate was reduced by about one-third in the group receiving dexamethasone compared to those in the placebo group. This evidence supports the use of dexamethasone as a life-saving treatment for severe COVID-19 cases, though it is not recommended for mild or moderate cases.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Dexamethasone has shown significant efficacy in reducing mortality rates among critically ill patients with COVID-19. A randomized clinical trial conducted by the University of Oxford, involving over 2,100 patients, demonstrated that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by about one-third in hospitalized patients who required mechanical ventilation and by one-fifth in those receiving oxygen alone. These findings provide substantial evidence supporting the use of dexamethasone as a life-saving treatment for severe cases of COVID-19, particularly in intensive care settings. However, its effectiveness is limited to severe cases and may not benefit all patients,', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Dexamethasone has been shown to reduce mortality in severely ill COVID-19 patients. A large-scale randomized controlled trial conducted by the University of Oxford in April 2020 found that dexamethasone reduced the risk of death by about one-third among ventilated patients and one-fifth among oxygen-dependent patients. This evidence supports the use of dexamethasone as a treatment for severe cases of COVID-19, particularly those requiring mechanical ventilation or supplemental oxygen.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 47):
Original:     what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19?
Reformulated: what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19? what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19? what are the health outcomes for children who contract COVID-19? what ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Children who contract COVID-19 generally experience mild symptoms or no symptoms at all. However, some children may develop severe complications, including Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), which can affect multiple organs. Long-term effects in children who recover from mild cases are still being studied but appear to be less common compared to adults. Regular monitoring and early intervention remain crucial for managing any potential health issues in post-COVID-19 children.', 'Children who contract COVID-19 typically experience mild to moderate symptoms, with fever, cough, and respiratory issues being the most common. Severe complications are rare in this age group compared to adults. However, some children may develop multisystem inflammatory syndrome (MIS-C), a condition where different parts of the body can become inflamed, including the heart, lungs, kidneys, brain, skin, eyes, or gastrointestinal organs. Long-term effects of COVID-19 in children are still being studied, but early evidence suggests that while most recover well, some may experience persistent symptoms like fatigue, shortness of breath, or cognitive issues,', 'Children generally have a milder course of illness when contracting COVID-19 compared to adults. Common symptoms include fever, cough, and loss of taste or smell. Severe outcomes, such as hospitalization, are rare in pediatric cases. However, some children can develop Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), a rare but serious condition that can affect various organs. Long-term effects of COVID-19 in children are still being studied, but initial research suggests most recover fully without long-term impacts.', 'Children who contract COVID-19 generally experience mild symptoms, with common outcomes including fever, cough, and loss of taste or smell. Hospitalization rates are lower in children compared to adults, but some may require hospital care, especially those with underlying health conditions. Long-term health impacts in children appear to be rare, with most recovering fully within weeks. However, some children have developed post-COVID conditions, such as multisystem inflammatory syndrome (MIS-C), which can affect various organs. Regular monitoring and medical follow-up are recommended for children who have had COVID-19 to ensure early detection and management of any potential complications.', 'Children who contract COVID-19 generally experience mild to moderate symptoms, with most recovering within a week. Common symptoms include fever, cough, and loss of taste or smell. Severe outcomes, such as hospitalization or long-term effects, are rare in pediatric cases. However, some children may develop Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), a rare but serious condition that can affect various organs. Early diagnosis and treatment are crucial to managing these conditions effectively. Regular monitoring and follow-up care are recommended to ensure complete recovery and address any potential long-term impacts.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 64, 'docs_len': 3024, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Children who contract COVID-19 generally experience mild symptoms or no symptoms at all. However, some children may develop severe complications, including Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), which can affect multiple organs. Long-term effects in children who recover from mild cases are still being studied but appear to be less common compared to adults. Regular monitoring and early intervention remain crucial for managing any potential health issues in post-COVID-19 children.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Children who contract COVID-19 typically experience mild to moderate symptoms, with fever, cough, and respiratory issues being the most common. Severe complications are rare in this age group compared to adults. However, some children may develop multisystem inflammatory syndrome (MIS-C), a condition where different parts of the body can become inflamed, including the heart, lungs, kidneys, brain, skin, eyes, or gastrointestinal organs. Long-term effects of COVID-19 in children are still being studied, but early evidence suggests that while most recover well, some may experience persistent symptoms like fatigue, shortness of breath, or cognitive issues,', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Children generally have a milder course of illness when contracting COVID-19 compared to adults. Common symptoms include fever, cough, and loss of taste or smell. Severe outcomes, such as hospitalization, are rare in pediatric cases. However, some children can develop Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), a rare but serious condition that can affect various organs. Long-term effects of COVID-19 in children are still being studied, but initial research suggests most recover fully without long-term impacts.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Children who contract COVID-19 generally experience mild symptoms, with common outcomes including fever, cough, and loss of taste or smell. Hospitalization rates are lower in children compared to adults, but some may require hospital care, especially those with underlying health conditions. Long-term health impacts in children appear to be rare, with most recovering fully within weeks. However, some children have developed post-COVID conditions, such as multisystem inflammatory syndrome (MIS-C), which can affect various organs. Regular monitoring and medical follow-up are recommended for children who have had COVID-19 to ensure early detection and management of any potential complications.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Children who contract COVID-19 generally experience mild to moderate symptoms, with most recovering within a week. Common symptoms include fever, cough, and loss of taste or smell. Severe outcomes, such as hospitalization or long-term effects, are rare in pediatric cases. However, some children may develop Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C), a rare but serious condition that can affect various organs. Early diagnosis and treatment are crucial to managing these conditions effectively. Regular monitoring and follow-up care are recommended to ensure complete recovery and address any potential long-term impacts.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 48):
Original:     what are the benefits and risks of re-opening schools in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic?
Reformulated: what are the benefits and risks of re-opening schools in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic? what are the benefits and risks of re-opening schools in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic? what are the b...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic offers several benefits, including social interaction for students and economic support for families. However, it also presents significant risks, such as the potential for virus transmission among students and staff. Health experts recommend stringent safety measures like mask-wearing, regular sanitization, and temperature checks to mitigate these risks. Balancing these factors requires careful planning and continuous monitoring of local infection rates.', 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both significant benefits and risks. Benefits include恢复正常学习可以为学生提供社交互动、心理健康支持和结构化的学习环境，促进其全面发展。然而，学校重新开放也伴随着病毒传播的风险增加，可能影响学生的健康和安全。学校需要采取严格的防疫措施，如定期消毒、保持社交距离和佩戴口罩，以减轻这些风险。同时，远程教育选项应继续保留，以便无法返回学校的家庭能够获得教育支持。总的来说，平衡这些因素是确保学生安全和学术进步的关键。\nReopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both significant', 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both benefits and risks. Benefits include providing children with a more structured learning environment, social interaction, and access to essential services like meals and mental health support. Risks involve potential exposure to the virus among students and staff, which could lead to community transmission and increased healthcare burdens. Effective mitigation strategies, such as enhanced sanitation practices, mask-wearing, and maintaining physical distancing, can help reduce these risks while enabling schools to reopen safely.', 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic offers educational and developmental benefits for students, such as socialization, structure, and access to extracurricular activities. However, there are significant risks associated with in-person learning, including the potential for virus transmission among students and staff. Schools must implement strict health and safety protocols, such as mask-wearing, physical distancing, and enhanced cleaning measures, to mitigate these risks. Balancing these benefits and risks requires careful planning and collaboration between educators, public health officials, and community members to ensure the well-being of all individuals involved.', 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both benefits and risks. Benefits include restoring a sense of normalcy for students and facilitating social and emotional development. Education continuity is crucial for academic progress and can help mitigate learning loss. However, risks involve potential community transmission, especially if schools do not adhere strictly to safety protocols such as mask-wearing, physical distancing, and enhanced cleaning. The risk of outbreaks can strain healthcare systems and lead to school closures or partial reopening. Balancing these factors requires careful planning, ongoing monitoring, and adaptive measures to ensure student safety while maintaining educational opportunities.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 92, 'docs_len': 2886, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic offers several benefits, including social interaction for students and economic support for families. However, it also presents significant risks, such as the potential for virus transmission among students and staff. Health experts recommend stringent safety measures like mask-wearing, regular sanitization, and temperature checks to mitigate these risks. Balancing these factors requires careful planning and continuous monitoring of local infection rates.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both significant benefits and risks. Benefits include恢复正常学习可以为学生提供社交互动、心理健康支持和结构化的学习环境，促进其全面发展。然而，学校重新开放也伴随着病毒传播的风险增加，可能影响学生的健康和安全。学校需要采取严格的防疫措施，如定期消毒、保持社交距离和佩戴口罩，以减轻这些风险。同时，远程教育选项应继续保留，以便无法返回学校的家庭能够获得教育支持。总的来说，平衡这些因素是确保学生安全和学术进步的关键。\nReopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both significant', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both benefits and risks. Benefits include providing children with a more structured learning environment, social interaction, and access to essential services like meals and mental health support. Risks involve potential exposure to the virus among students and staff, which could lead to community transmission and increased healthcare burdens. Effective mitigation strategies, such as enhanced sanitation practices, mask-wearing, and maintaining physical distancing, can help reduce these risks while enabling schools to reopen safely.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic offers educational and developmental benefits for students, such as socialization, structure, and access to extracurricular activities. However, there are significant risks associated with in-person learning, including the potential for virus transmission among students and staff. Schools must implement strict health and safety protocols, such as mask-wearing, physical distancing, and enhanced cleaning measures, to mitigate these risks. Balancing these benefits and risks requires careful planning and collaboration between educators, public health officials, and community members to ensure the well-being of all individuals involved.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic presents both benefits and risks. Benefits include restoring a sense of normalcy for students and facilitating social and emotional development. Education continuity is crucial for academic progress and can help mitigate learning loss. However, risks involve potential community transmission, especially if schools do not adhere strictly to safety protocols such as mask-wearing, physical distancing, and enhanced cleaning. The risk of outbreaks can strain healthcare systems and lead to school closures or partial reopening. Balancing these factors requires careful planning, ongoing monitoring, and adaptive measures to ensure student safety while maintaining educational opportunities.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 49):
Original:     do individuals who recover from COVID-19 show sufficient immune response, including antibody levels and T-cell mediated immunity, to prevent re-infection?
Reformulated: do individuals who recover from COVID-19 show sufficient immune response, including antibody levels and T-cell mediated immunity, to prevent re-infection? do individuals who recover from COVID-19 show...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Individuals who recover from COVID-19 often develop a robust immune response, including both antibodies and T-cell mediated immunity. Studies suggest that these immune components can provide protection against re-infection. Antibody levels tend to peak a few weeks after infection and then gradually decline, but memory B cells persist, enabling a rapid antibody response upon re-exposure to the virus. Similarly, T-cells, which play a crucial role in eliminating infected cells, also contribute to long-lasting immunity. While the duration and extent of this protective effect vary among individuals, current evidence indicates that a significant proportion of survivors retain sufficient immune responses to potentially prevent re-in', 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 typically develop both humoral and cellular immune responses, including the production of antibodies and activation of T-cells. Studies suggest that these immune responses can provide protection against re-infection, although the duration and effectiveness vary. Antibody levels generally decline over time, but T-cell immunity appears to persist longer, offering sustained protection. However, the extent of this protection remains a subject of ongoing research, with some evidence indicating that breakthrough infections can occur, especially with variants of the virus. Overall, while post-recovery immunity is significant, continued monitoring and potentially booster doses may be necessary to maintain adequate protection against', 'Individuals who have recovered from COVID-19 typically develop both humoral (antibody) and cellular (T-cell) immune responses. Studies suggest that these immune responses can provide protection against re-infection. Antibody levels tend to peak several weeks after initial infection and then decline, but memory B cells persist, allowing for a faster and more robust antibody response upon re-exposure to the virus. Similarly, T-cells, particularly CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, contribute to long-term immunity by recognizing and eliminating infected cells. Research indicates that while the duration and strength of these immune responses vary among individuals, they generally', 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 generally develop an immune response, including both antibodies and T-cell mediated immunity. Studies indicate that these responses can provide protection against re-infection, though the level of protection may vary. Antibody levels tend to peak several weeks after recovery and then decline, but memory B cells persist, suggesting long-term antibody production. Additionally, T-cell immunity, which recognizes infected cells and helps eliminate them, also contributes to preventing re-infection. However, the duration and strength of this immunity are still being researched, and factors such as viral mutations and individual health status can influence the effectiveness of the immune response.', 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 often develop both antibody and T-cell responses, which contribute to preventing re-infection. Studies have shown that these immune components can persist for several months after recovery, offering protection against reinfection. However, the level and duration of this protection vary among individuals. While a robust immune response is observed in many cases, some may have lower antibody levels or weaker T-cell responses, potentially leaving them more susceptible to re-infection. Further research continues to explore the longevity and efficacy of this immunity, as well as the impact of variants on protective mechanisms.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 3, 'query_len': 154, 'docs_len': 3586, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 often develop a robust immune response, including both antibodies and T-cell mediated immunity. Studies suggest that these immune components can provide protection against re-infection. Antibody levels tend to peak a few weeks after infection and then gradually decline, but memory B cells persist, enabling a rapid antibody response upon re-exposure to the virus. Similarly, T-cells, which play a crucial role in eliminating infected cells, also contribute to long-lasting immunity. While the duration and extent of this protective effect vary among individuals, current evidence indicates that a significant proportion of survivors retain sufficient immune responses to potentially prevent re-in', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 typically develop both humoral and cellular immune responses, including the production of antibodies and activation of T-cells. Studies suggest that these immune responses can provide protection against re-infection, although the duration and effectiveness vary. Antibody levels generally decline over time, but T-cell immunity appears to persist longer, offering sustained protection. However, the extent of this protection remains a subject of ongoing research, with some evidence indicating that breakthrough infections can occur, especially with variants of the virus. Overall, while post-recovery immunity is significant, continued monitoring and potentially booster doses may be necessary to maintain adequate protection against', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Individuals who have recovered from COVID-19 typically develop both humoral (antibody) and cellular (T-cell) immune responses. Studies suggest that these immune responses can provide protection against re-infection. Antibody levels tend to peak several weeks after initial infection and then decline, but memory B cells persist, allowing for a faster and more robust antibody response upon re-exposure to the virus. Similarly, T-cells, particularly CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, contribute to long-term immunity by recognizing and eliminating infected cells. Research indicates that while the duration and strength of these immune responses vary among individuals, they generally', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 generally develop an immune response, including both antibodies and T-cell mediated immunity. Studies indicate that these responses can provide protection against re-infection, though the level of protection may vary. Antibody levels tend to peak several weeks after recovery and then decline, but memory B cells persist, suggesting long-term antibody production. Additionally, T-cell immunity, which recognizes infected cells and helps eliminate them, also contributes to preventing re-infection. However, the duration and strength of this immunity are still being researched, and factors such as viral mutations and individual health status can influence the effectiveness of the immune response.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Individuals who recover from COVID-19 often develop both antibody and T-cell responses, which contribute to preventing re-infection. Studies have shown that these immune components can persist for several months after recovery, offering protection against reinfection. However, the level and duration of this protection vary among individuals. While a robust immune response is observed in many cases, some may have lower antibody levels or weaker T-cell responses, potentially leaving them more susceptible to re-infection. Further research continues to explore the longevity and efficacy of this immunity, as well as the impact of variants on protective mechanisms.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 50):
Original:     what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus?
Reformulated: what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus? what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus? what is known about an mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus? what is known ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["An mRNA (messenger RNA) vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus involves introducing a small piece of the virus's genetic material into cells. This genetic material encodes for a viral protein (the spike protein), which triggers an immune response in the body. The body recognizes this protein as foreign and produces antibodies against it. This prepares the immune system to recognize and fight the actual SARS-CoV-2 virus if encountered. Notably, mRNA vaccines do not use the live virus, making them safer and easier to produce than traditional vaccines. They also allow for rapid updates and adaptation to new variants of the virus. Clinical trials", "mRNA vaccines for the SARS-CoV-2 virus work by introducing a piece of the virus's genetic material (mRNA) into human cells. This mRNA instructs cells to produce a harmless portion of the viral spike protein, which triggers an immune response. Clinical trials have shown these vaccines to be highly effective in preventing COVID-19. They are known for their rapid development process and strong immunogenicity, allowing them to be produced quickly and with high efficacy against the virus. Safety profiles have been generally favorable, with common side effects including pain at the injection site, fatigue, and headache.", "An mRNA (messenger RNA) vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which causes COVID-19, works by introducing a small piece of the virus's genetic material into cells. This genetic material encodes instructions for making a harmless viral protein, which triggers an immune response in the body. Notably, these vaccines do not contain the live virus and cannot cause infection. They have been highly effective in preventing severe illness, hospitalization, and death from COVID-19. mRNA technology has gained significant attention for its speed of development during the pandemic, as it relies on well-established scientific principles but requires cold storage for transportation", 'An mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus works by introducing a small piece of the virus’s genetic material (mRNA) into human cells. This mRNA provides instructions for cells to produce a harmless viral protein, which triggers the immune system to develop an immune response, including the production of antibodies. Clinical trials have shown these vaccines to be highly effective in preventing COVID-19. They offer several advantages, including rapid development, scalability, and ease of storage compared to traditional vaccine technologies. However, they require storage at very low temperatures, which can pose challenges in certain regions. As of the latest data, multiple mRNA vaccines are', 'An mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus works by introducing a small piece of the virus’s genetic material (mRNA) into cells. This mRNA contains instructions for cells to produce a harmless fragment of the spike protein found on the surface of the virus. Once inside the cell, the cell uses this mRNA to produce the spike protein, which then triggers an immune response. The immune system recognizes this protein as foreign and begins to produce antibodies and memory cells specifically tailored to fight off the actual SARS-CoV-2 virus if encountered in the future. Clinical trials have shown these vaccines to be highly effective in preventing COVID-1'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 61, 'docs_len': 3289, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "An mRNA (messenger RNA) vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus involves introducing a small piece of the virus's genetic material into cells. This genetic material encodes for a viral protein (the spike protein), which triggers an immune response in the body. The body recognizes this protein as foreign and produces antibodies against it. This prepares the immune system to recognize and fight the actual SARS-CoV-2 virus if encountered. Notably, mRNA vaccines do not use the live virus, making them safer and easier to produce than traditional vaccines. They also allow for rapid updates and adaptation to new variants of the virus. Clinical trials", 'pseudo_doc_2': "mRNA vaccines for the SARS-CoV-2 virus work by introducing a piece of the virus's genetic material (mRNA) into human cells. This mRNA instructs cells to produce a harmless portion of the viral spike protein, which triggers an immune response. Clinical trials have shown these vaccines to be highly effective in preventing COVID-19. They are known for their rapid development process and strong immunogenicity, allowing them to be produced quickly and with high efficacy against the virus. Safety profiles have been generally favorable, with common side effects including pain at the injection site, fatigue, and headache.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "An mRNA (messenger RNA) vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which causes COVID-19, works by introducing a small piece of the virus's genetic material into cells. This genetic material encodes instructions for making a harmless viral protein, which triggers an immune response in the body. Notably, these vaccines do not contain the live virus and cannot cause infection. They have been highly effective in preventing severe illness, hospitalization, and death from COVID-19. mRNA technology has gained significant attention for its speed of development during the pandemic, as it relies on well-established scientific principles but requires cold storage for transportation", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'An mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus works by introducing a small piece of the virus’s genetic material (mRNA) into human cells. This mRNA provides instructions for cells to produce a harmless viral protein, which triggers the immune system to develop an immune response, including the production of antibodies. Clinical trials have shown these vaccines to be highly effective in preventing COVID-19. They offer several advantages, including rapid development, scalability, and ease of storage compared to traditional vaccine technologies. However, they require storage at very low temperatures, which can pose challenges in certain regions. As of the latest data, multiple mRNA vaccines are', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'An mRNA vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 virus works by introducing a small piece of the virus’s genetic material (mRNA) into cells. This mRNA contains instructions for cells to produce a harmless fragment of the spike protein found on the surface of the virus. Once inside the cell, the cell uses this mRNA to produce the spike protein, which then triggers an immune response. The immune system recognizes this protein as foreign and begins to produce antibodies and memory cells specifically tailored to fight off the actual SARS-CoV-2 virus if encountered in the future. Clinical trials have shown these vaccines to be highly effective in preventing COVID-1'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 10):
Original:     has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19?
Reformulated: has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19? has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread of COVID-19? has social distancing had an impact on slowing the spread ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Social distancing measures have been instrumental in slowing the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contact between individuals, these policies help decrease the transmission rate of the virus. Studies have shown that regions implementing strict social distancing protocols experienced lower infection rates and fewer peak hospitalizations. These interventions effectively break the chain of transmission, allowing public health systems to manage cases more efficiently and prevent overwhelming healthcare facilities.', "Social distancing measures have significantly impacted the spread of COVID-19. Studies indicate that these interventions help reduce the number of close contacts between individuals, thereby decreasing the transmission rate. By limiting person-to-person interactions, social distancing slows the viral spread, giving healthcare systems time to manage cases more effectively. Countries that implemented strict social distancing protocols early in the pandemic saw reductions in infection rates and hospitalizations, demonstrating the efficacy of these measures in controlling the virus's spread.", "Social distancing measures have been shown to significantly slow the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contact between individuals, these measures decrease the transmission rate of the virus. Studies and epidemiological data indicate that regions implementing strict social distancing protocols experienced slower infection growth rates compared to those without such measures. These findings support the effectiveness of social distancing in mitigating the pandemic's impact and have informed public health strategies worldwide.", 'Social distancing measures have significantly impacted the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contacts between individuals, these interventions have helped slow the transmission rate, allowing healthcare systems to manage the surge in cases more effectively. Studies and real-world data show that regions adhering strictly to social distancing guidelines experienced lower infection rates and fewer deaths compared to those without such measures. This evidence underscores the critical role of social distancing in controlling the pandemic.', 'Social distancing measures have significantly impacted the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contact between individuals, these measures help to slow the transmission rate, flattening the curve and preventing healthcare systems from becoming overwhelmed. Studies have shown that areas with strict social distancing protocols experienced slower infection rates and lower mortality compared to regions without such measures. This demonstrates the effectiveness of social distancing in controlling the pandemic.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 70, 'docs_len': 2706, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Social distancing measures have been instrumental in slowing the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contact between individuals, these policies help decrease the transmission rate of the virus. Studies have shown that regions implementing strict social distancing protocols experienced lower infection rates and fewer peak hospitalizations. These interventions effectively break the chain of transmission, allowing public health systems to manage cases more efficiently and prevent overwhelming healthcare facilities.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Social distancing measures have significantly impacted the spread of COVID-19. Studies indicate that these interventions help reduce the number of close contacts between individuals, thereby decreasing the transmission rate. By limiting person-to-person interactions, social distancing slows the viral spread, giving healthcare systems time to manage cases more effectively. Countries that implemented strict social distancing protocols early in the pandemic saw reductions in infection rates and hospitalizations, demonstrating the efficacy of these measures in controlling the virus's spread.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Social distancing measures have been shown to significantly slow the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contact between individuals, these measures decrease the transmission rate of the virus. Studies and epidemiological data indicate that regions implementing strict social distancing protocols experienced slower infection growth rates compared to those without such measures. These findings support the effectiveness of social distancing in mitigating the pandemic's impact and have informed public health strategies worldwide.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Social distancing measures have significantly impacted the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contacts between individuals, these interventions have helped slow the transmission rate, allowing healthcare systems to manage the surge in cases more effectively. Studies and real-world data show that regions adhering strictly to social distancing guidelines experienced lower infection rates and fewer deaths compared to those without such measures. This evidence underscores the critical role of social distancing in controlling the pandemic.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Social distancing measures have significantly impacted the spread of COVID-19. By reducing close contact between individuals, these measures help to slow the transmission rate, flattening the curve and preventing healthcare systems from becoming overwhelmed. Studies have shown that areas with strict social distancing protocols experienced slower infection rates and lower mortality compared to regions without such measures. This demonstrates the effectiveness of social distancing in controlling the pandemic.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 11):
Original:     what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus?
Reformulated: what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus? what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus? what are the guidelines for triaging patients infected...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sure, here's a passage relevant to the query:\n\nWhen triaging patients infected with coronavirus, healthcare providers should follow these key guidelines:\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Screen patients for symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and recent travel history or exposure to known cases.\n2. **Risk Stratification**: Classify patients based on the severity of symptoms and likelihood of transmission (e.g., mild, moderate, severe).\n3. **Isolation Protocols**: Isolate symptomatic patients to prevent spread to other individuals. Use personal protective equipment (PPE) during patient contact.\n4. **Symptomatic Support**:", 'When triaging patients infected with coronavirus, healthcare providers should follow these guidelines:\n\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Quickly assess the patient’s vital signs (temperature, heart rate, respiratory rate, blood pressure) and oxygen saturation levels.\n\n2. **Symptom Evaluation**: Determine the severity of symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and other respiratory issues.\n\n3. **Risk Stratification**: Classify patients based on their risk level. Higher risk categories include older adults, those with underlying health conditions, and those experiencing severe symptoms.\n\n4. **Testing Protocol**: Prioritize testing for patients who meet clinical criteria or have a high likelihood', 'The guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus (COVID-19) focus on rapid identification and management to prevent the spread of infection. Patients should first be screened for symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and recent travel history or exposure to known cases. Those exhibiting severe symptoms like difficulty breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, new confusion, or inability to wake or stay awake should be prioritized for immediate medical attention. Mildly symptomatic individuals can be directed to self-isolate at home and contact healthcare providers for further advice. All patients should be asked about their vaccination status and previous infections to inform their', "Sure, here's a concise passage on the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus:\n\nWhen triaging patients suspected or confirmed to have coronavirus infection, healthcare providers should follow these guidelines:\n\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Quickly assess the patient’s vital signs, including temperature, oxygen saturation (SpO2), respiratory rate, and blood pressure.\n\n2. **Symptom Evaluation**: Determine the severity of symptoms, such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and other respiratory issues.\n\n3. **Risk Factors**: Identify any risk factors, such as age, underlying health conditions (e.g., diabetes, hypertension, obesity), and recent travel", 'When triaging patients suspected or confirmed to have coronavirus infection, follow these guidelines:\n\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Quickly assess the patient’s vital signs, respiratory status, and overall clinical condition.\n2. **Symptom Evaluation**: Consider symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and recent travel history or contact with known cases.\n3. **Risk Stratification**: Use risk assessment tools to categorize patients based on severity (mild, moderate, severe).\n4. **PPE Usage**: Ensure appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn by all healthcare workers in close contact with the patient.\n5. **Isolation'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 7, 'query_len': 72, 'docs_len': 3395, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sure, here's a passage relevant to the query:\n\nWhen triaging patients infected with coronavirus, healthcare providers should follow these key guidelines:\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Screen patients for symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and recent travel history or exposure to known cases.\n2. **Risk Stratification**: Classify patients based on the severity of symptoms and likelihood of transmission (e.g., mild, moderate, severe).\n3. **Isolation Protocols**: Isolate symptomatic patients to prevent spread to other individuals. Use personal protective equipment (PPE) during patient contact.\n4. **Symptomatic Support**:", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'When triaging patients infected with coronavirus, healthcare providers should follow these guidelines:\n\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Quickly assess the patient’s vital signs (temperature, heart rate, respiratory rate, blood pressure) and oxygen saturation levels.\n\n2. **Symptom Evaluation**: Determine the severity of symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and other respiratory issues.\n\n3. **Risk Stratification**: Classify patients based on their risk level. Higher risk categories include older adults, those with underlying health conditions, and those experiencing severe symptoms.\n\n4. **Testing Protocol**: Prioritize testing for patients who meet clinical criteria or have a high likelihood', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus (COVID-19) focus on rapid identification and management to prevent the spread of infection. Patients should first be screened for symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and recent travel history or exposure to known cases. Those exhibiting severe symptoms like difficulty breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, new confusion, or inability to wake or stay awake should be prioritized for immediate medical attention. Mildly symptomatic individuals can be directed to self-isolate at home and contact healthcare providers for further advice. All patients should be asked about their vaccination status and previous infections to inform their', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Sure, here's a concise passage on the guidelines for triaging patients infected with coronavirus:\n\nWhen triaging patients suspected or confirmed to have coronavirus infection, healthcare providers should follow these guidelines:\n\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Quickly assess the patient’s vital signs, including temperature, oxygen saturation (SpO2), respiratory rate, and blood pressure.\n\n2. **Symptom Evaluation**: Determine the severity of symptoms, such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and other respiratory issues.\n\n3. **Risk Factors**: Identify any risk factors, such as age, underlying health conditions (e.g., diabetes, hypertension, obesity), and recent travel", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'When triaging patients suspected or confirmed to have coronavirus infection, follow these guidelines:\n\n1. **Initial Assessment**: Quickly assess the patient’s vital signs, respiratory status, and overall clinical condition.\n2. **Symptom Evaluation**: Consider symptoms such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, and recent travel history or contact with known cases.\n3. **Risk Stratification**: Use risk assessment tools to categorize patients based on severity (mild, moderate, severe).\n4. **PPE Usage**: Ensure appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn by all healthcare workers in close contact with the patient.\n5. **Isolation'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 12):
Original:     what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine?
Reformulated: what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine? what are best practices in hospitals and at home in maintaining quarantine? what are best practices in hospitals and at home...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Certainly! Here’s a concise and informative passage on best practices for maintaining quarantine in both hospitals and at home:\n\nIn hospitals, maintaining strict quarantine protocols is crucial to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Key practices include isolating patients with contagious conditions, limiting unnecessary visitor access, and implementing thorough hygiene measures such as frequent hand washing, proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE), and regular disinfection of surfaces. Hospitals also ensure regular monitoring of patients' health status and provide adequate medical supplies and support.\n\nAt home, individuals in quarantine should stay in a specific room or area to minimize exposure to others. Frequent hand washing and the use of", 'To maintain effective quarantine both in hospitals and at home, it is crucial to follow strict hygiene protocols. In hospitals, dedicated isolation units with proper ventilation should be used for quarantined patients. Healthcare workers must wear personal protective equipment (PPE) such as masks, gloves, gowns, and goggles. Regular disinfection of surfaces and rooms is essential, using hospital-grade disinfectants. At home, individuals in quarantine should establish a separate room and bathroom if possible. They should avoid close contact with others, maintain good hand hygiene by washing hands frequently with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or using alcohol-based sanitizers,', 'In hospitals, maintaining effective quarantine involves strict protocols to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Best practices include segregating infected patients from non-infected ones, using personal protective equipment (PPE) such as masks, gloves, and gowns, and ensuring thorough hand hygiene. Hospital staff should receive regular training on infection control measures and follow guidelines for safe patient handling and disposal of medical waste.\n\nAt home, individuals in quarantine should stay in a separate room away from other household members and use a designated bathroom if possible. Frequent hand washing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, or using alcohol-based hand sanitizers when soap is', 'To maintain effective quarantine both in hospitals and at home, it is crucial to follow several key best practices. In hospitals, ensure proper isolation procedures are in place, such as dedicated spaces and equipment for infected patients. Strict hygiene protocols, including regular hand washing and the use of personal protective equipment (PPE), should be enforced. Regular disinfection of surfaces and areas is essential. At home, establish a separate room and bathroom for the quarantined individual if possible. Maintain good ventilation and cleanliness, and limit contact with others by staying in a designated area. Regularly clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces. Both environments should ensure access to necessary', 'To effectively maintain quarantine in both hospitals and at home, it is crucial to follow best practices. In hospitals, this includes strict adherence to infection control protocols, such as wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) and proper hand hygiene. Isolation rooms should be designated and regularly sanitized. At home, individuals should establish a dedicated quarantine space away from other living areas and minimize contact with household members. Regularly clean and disinfect surfaces, and practice good hygiene by washing hands frequently and using hand sanitizer when soap and water are unavailable. Maintain social distancing and avoid sharing personal items. If necessary, wear a mask when around others. Stay informed about local'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 75, 'docs_len': 3679, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Certainly! Here’s a concise and informative passage on best practices for maintaining quarantine in both hospitals and at home:\n\nIn hospitals, maintaining strict quarantine protocols is crucial to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Key practices include isolating patients with contagious conditions, limiting unnecessary visitor access, and implementing thorough hygiene measures such as frequent hand washing, proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE), and regular disinfection of surfaces. Hospitals also ensure regular monitoring of patients' health status and provide adequate medical supplies and support.\n\nAt home, individuals in quarantine should stay in a specific room or area to minimize exposure to others. Frequent hand washing and the use of", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To maintain effective quarantine both in hospitals and at home, it is crucial to follow strict hygiene protocols. In hospitals, dedicated isolation units with proper ventilation should be used for quarantined patients. Healthcare workers must wear personal protective equipment (PPE) such as masks, gloves, gowns, and goggles. Regular disinfection of surfaces and rooms is essential, using hospital-grade disinfectants. At home, individuals in quarantine should establish a separate room and bathroom if possible. They should avoid close contact with others, maintain good hand hygiene by washing hands frequently with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or using alcohol-based sanitizers,', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'In hospitals, maintaining effective quarantine involves strict protocols to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Best practices include segregating infected patients from non-infected ones, using personal protective equipment (PPE) such as masks, gloves, and gowns, and ensuring thorough hand hygiene. Hospital staff should receive regular training on infection control measures and follow guidelines for safe patient handling and disposal of medical waste.\n\nAt home, individuals in quarantine should stay in a separate room away from other household members and use a designated bathroom if possible. Frequent hand washing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, or using alcohol-based hand sanitizers when soap is', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To maintain effective quarantine both in hospitals and at home, it is crucial to follow several key best practices. In hospitals, ensure proper isolation procedures are in place, such as dedicated spaces and equipment for infected patients. Strict hygiene protocols, including regular hand washing and the use of personal protective equipment (PPE), should be enforced. Regular disinfection of surfaces and areas is essential. At home, establish a separate room and bathroom for the quarantined individual if possible. Maintain good ventilation and cleanliness, and limit contact with others by staying in a designated area. Regularly clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces. Both environments should ensure access to necessary', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To effectively maintain quarantine in both hospitals and at home, it is crucial to follow best practices. In hospitals, this includes strict adherence to infection control protocols, such as wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) and proper hand hygiene. Isolation rooms should be designated and regularly sanitized. At home, individuals should establish a dedicated quarantine space away from other living areas and minimize contact with household members. Regularly clean and disinfect surfaces, and practice good hygiene by washing hands frequently and using hand sanitizer when soap and water are unavailable. Maintain social distancing and avoid sharing personal items. If necessary, wear a mask when around others. Stay informed about local'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

