Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 264014):
Original:     how long is life cycle of flea
Reformulated: how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is li...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire life cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from 2 weeks to 8 months depending on factors such as temperature, humidity, and availability of food. The adult flea stage is the longest, lasting up to 2-3 months, during which they feed and reproduce, starting the cycle over again. Understanding the flea life cycle is crucial for effective flea control and management in pets and their environments.', "The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, however, it can vary depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Female fleas lay eggs after feeding on a host's blood, which hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The larval stage lasts around 1-2 weeks, followed by a pupal stage that can last from 1-2 weeks. Once the adult flea emerges, it can live for several weeks to a few months, during which it feeds, mates,", 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as temperature, humidity, and availability of food. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more, while continually producing eggs to ensure the continuation of their life cycle. Proper care and treatment of pets, as well as regular cleaning of their living environments, are crucial in managing flea populations and preventing infestations.', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from 2 weeks to 8 months depending on factors like food availability, humidity, and temperature. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more without feeding, while the total lifespan of a flea from egg to death is generally around 2-3 months.', 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, although it can range from several weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, humidity, and temperature. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Adult fleas lay eggs, which hatch into larvae after 1-2 weeks, and the larvae then feed on debris and develop into pupae before emerging as adult fleas. The entire process can be completed within 14-28 days under optimal conditions, leading to rapid reproduction and infestation if left unchecked.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2603, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire life cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from 2 weeks to 8 months depending on factors such as temperature, humidity, and availability of food. The adult flea stage is the longest, lasting up to 2-3 months, during which they feed and reproduce, starting the cycle over again. Understanding the flea life cycle is crucial for effective flea control and management in pets and their environments.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, however, it can vary depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Female fleas lay eggs after feeding on a host's blood, which hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The larval stage lasts around 1-2 weeks, followed by a pupal stage that can last from 1-2 weeks. Once the adult flea emerges, it can live for several weeks to a few months, during which it feeds, mates,", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as temperature, humidity, and availability of food. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more, while continually producing eggs to ensure the continuation of their life cycle. Proper care and treatment of pets, as well as regular cleaning of their living environments, are crucial in managing flea populations and preventing infestations.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The entire cycle typically lasts around 2-3 weeks, but can range from 2 weeks to 8 months depending on factors like food availability, humidity, and temperature. Adult fleas can live for several months, with some species surviving up to a year or more without feeding, while the total lifespan of a flea from egg to death is generally around 2-3 months.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, although it can range from several weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, humidity, and temperature. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Adult fleas lay eggs, which hatch into larvae after 1-2 weeks, and the larvae then feed on debris and develop into pupae before emerging as adult fleas. The entire process can be completed within 14-28 days under optimal conditions, leading to rapid reproduction and infestation if left unchecked.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 104861):
Original:     cost of interior concrete flooring
Reformulated: cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, finish, and installation method. On average, the cost of interior concrete flooring ranges from $2 to $15 per square foot, with polished concrete being the most expensive option. A basic concrete floor with a broom finish can cost between $2 and $6 per square foot, while a stained or stamped concrete floor can range from $4 to $10 per square foot. Additionally, the cost of labor, materials, and any necessary repairs or preparation work can add to the overall expense, making it essential to get quotes from multiple contractors', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the area, the type of finish, and the complexity of the installation. On average, a basic concrete floor can cost between $2 and $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can range from $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs for underlayment, sealants, and labor can add $1 to $3 per square foot to the total expense. Overall, a professionally installed interior concrete floor can cost anywhere from $3,000 to $15,000 or more, depending on the specifics', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, the complexity of the design, and the type of finish desired. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, the cost of labor, materials, and any necessary preparation work, such as grinding or resurfacing, can add to the overall cost, with total costs ranging from $3 to $20 per square foot. Overall, interior concrete flooring can be a cost', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, the type of finish, and the location. On average, the cost of installing interior concrete flooring can range from $2 to $15 per square foot, with polished concrete being the most expensive option. For a basic, unsealed concrete floor, the cost can start at around $2 to $4 per square foot, while a high-end, decorative finish can cost upwards of $10 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, factors such as the condition of the subfloor, the need for repair or leveling, and the cost of', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely, depending on several factors such as the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the location. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a more decorative or polished concrete floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs for labor, materials, and any necessary preparation work, such as subfloor repair or demolition, can add to the overall expense. For a typical residential project, the total cost of interior concrete flooring can range from $3,000 to $15,'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 34, 'docs_len': 3029, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, finish, and installation method. On average, the cost of interior concrete flooring ranges from $2 to $15 per square foot, with polished concrete being the most expensive option. A basic concrete floor with a broom finish can cost between $2 and $6 per square foot, while a stained or stamped concrete floor can range from $4 to $10 per square foot. Additionally, the cost of labor, materials, and any necessary repairs or preparation work can add to the overall expense, making it essential to get quotes from multiple contractors', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the area, the type of finish, and the complexity of the installation. On average, a basic concrete floor can cost between $2 and $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can range from $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs for underlayment, sealants, and labor can add $1 to $3 per square foot to the total expense. Overall, a professionally installed interior concrete floor can cost anywhere from $3,000 to $15,000 or more, depending on the specifics', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, the complexity of the design, and the type of finish desired. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, the cost of labor, materials, and any necessary preparation work, such as grinding or resurfacing, can add to the overall cost, with total costs ranging from $3 to $20 per square foot. Overall, interior concrete flooring can be a cost', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, the type of finish, and the location. On average, the cost of installing interior concrete flooring can range from $2 to $15 per square foot, with polished concrete being the most expensive option. For a basic, unsealed concrete floor, the cost can start at around $2 to $4 per square foot, while a high-end, decorative finish can cost upwards of $10 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, factors such as the condition of the subfloor, the need for repair or leveling, and the cost of', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely, depending on several factors such as the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the location. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a more decorative or polished concrete floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs for labor, materials, and any necessary preparation work, such as subfloor repair or demolition, can add to the overall expense. For a typical residential project, the total cost of interior concrete flooring can range from $3,000 to $15,'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 130510):
Original:     definition declaratory judgment
Reformulated: definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definiti...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular case, often sought to clarify uncertain or disputed legal issues. Unlike traditional lawsuits that seek monetary damages or injunctions, declaratory judgments offer a determination of the legal rights and obligations of the parties, allowing them to plan and act accordingly, and can be particularly useful in cases where a party seeks to avoid future litigation or to resolve a dispute without waiting for harm to occur.', 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding declaration of the legal rights and status of the parties, often sought in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity regarding the interpretation of a law, contract, or other legal document. By seeking a declaratory judgment, parties can clarify their positions and avoid potential future litigation, making it a valuable tool for resolving disputes and providing legal certainty in a wide range of contexts, including contractual disputes, intellectual property cases, and administrative law matters.', 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judgment that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular situation, typically sought by a party seeking clarity on a legal issue. In essence, a declaratory judgment serves as a preventative measure, allowing individuals or organizations to resolve potential disputes before they escalate into full-blown litigation, and providing certainty and stability in matters of contractual, property, or other legal rights.', 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding declaration of the legal position of the parties in a case, often sought to clarify or determine the interpretation of a law, contract, or other legal issue. In essence, a declaratory judgment is a preventive measure, allowing parties to avoid potential conflicts by obtaining a clear and authoritative ruling on a matter, thereby providing certainty and stability in their legal relationships.', 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. It is a binding decision that clarifies the interpretation of a law or contract, providing a final determination on the matter. Unlike traditional lawsuits that seek compensation or damages, declaratory judgments focus on resolving uncertainties and preventing potential lawsuits by establishing a clear understanding of the legal rights and responsibilities of the parties. This type of judgment is often sought in cases where a party wants to confirm their rights or avoid potential future disputes, and is commonly used in areas such as intellectual property, contract disputes, and insurance claims.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 18, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 3375, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular case, often sought to clarify uncertain or disputed legal issues. Unlike traditional lawsuits that seek monetary damages or injunctions, declaratory judgments offer a determination of the legal rights and obligations of the parties, allowing them to plan and act accordingly, and can be particularly useful in cases where a party seeks to avoid future litigation or to resolve a dispute without waiting for harm to occur.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding declaration of the legal rights and status of the parties, often sought in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity regarding the interpretation of a law, contract, or other legal document. By seeking a declaratory judgment, parties can clarify their positions and avoid potential future litigation, making it a valuable tool for resolving disputes and providing legal certainty in a wide range of contexts, including contractual disputes, intellectual property cases, and administrative law matters.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judgment that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular situation, typically sought by a party seeking clarity on a legal issue. In essence, a declaratory judgment serves as a preventative measure, allowing individuals or organizations to resolve potential disputes before they escalate into full-blown litigation, and providing certainty and stability in matters of contractual, property, or other legal rights.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of judicial remedy that provides a binding declaration of the legal position of the parties in a case, often sought to clarify or determine the interpretation of a law, contract, or other legal issue. In essence, a declaratory judgment is a preventive measure, allowing parties to avoid potential conflicts by obtaining a clear and authoritative ruling on a matter, thereby providing certainty and stability in their legal relationships.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that defines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. It is a binding decision that clarifies the interpretation of a law or contract, providing a final determination on the matter. Unlike traditional lawsuits that seek compensation or damages, declaratory judgments focus on resolving uncertainties and preventing potential lawsuits by establishing a clear understanding of the legal rights and responsibilities of the parties. This type of judgment is often sought in cases where a party wants to confirm their rights or avoid potential future disputes, and is commonly used in areas such as intellectual property, contract disputes, and insurance claims.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1114819):
Original:     what is durable medical equipment consist of
Reformulated: what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of medical devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use, providing therapeutic benefits and enhancing the quality of life for individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. DME includes a wide range of items, such as wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, canes, oxygen tanks, and respiratory equipment, as well as prosthetic devices, orthotics, and mobility aids. These devices are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional and are intended for long-term use, often in the patient's home, to promote independence, comfort, and safe recovery. Overall, DME plays a crucial role in supporting patients with", 'Durable medical equipment (DME) refers to medical devices that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be utilized by patients in various healthcare settings, including their homes. This type of equipment typically consists of items such as hospital beds, walkers, wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, and mobility aids like canes and crutches. Other examples of DME include prosthetic devices, orthotics, and respiratory equipment like nebulizers and ventilators. These devices are generally durable, long-lasting, and can be used multiple times, making them a cost-effective option for patients requiring ongoing medical care and support. Overall, DME plays a', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical devices and equipment that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be used for an extended period, typically three years or more. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, oxygen tanks, and ventilators. These devices are prescribed by a healthcare provider to patients who require them for medical treatment, rehabilitation, or daily living assistance. DME is often used in home care settings, allowing patients to receive necessary therapy and treatment in the comfort of their own homes, and can greatly improve their quality of life and overall health outcomes.', "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of medical devices and tools designed to provide therapeutic benefits and improve the quality of life for individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. Typically, DME includes items such as wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, respirators, and prosthetic devices. These equipment are characterized by their ability to withstand repeated use, are primarily used for medical purposes, and are prescribed by a healthcare professional. DME is often covered by insurance and is designed to be used in various settings, including homes, hospitals, and rehabilitation centers, to support patients' recovery, mobility, and", "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of devices and tools designed to provide therapeutic benefits and assist individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and respiratory equipment, as well as items such as commodes, shower chairs, and prosthetic devices. These equipment are typically prescribed by a healthcare provider and are intended for repeated use, often in the patient's home, to help them manage their condition, maintain independence, and improve their overall quality of life. DME is usually made of durable materials and is designed to withstand repeated use, making"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 3343, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of medical devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use, providing therapeutic benefits and enhancing the quality of life for individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. DME includes a wide range of items, such as wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, canes, oxygen tanks, and respiratory equipment, as well as prosthetic devices, orthotics, and mobility aids. These devices are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional and are intended for long-term use, often in the patient's home, to promote independence, comfort, and safe recovery. Overall, DME plays a crucial role in supporting patients with", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) refers to medical devices that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be utilized by patients in various healthcare settings, including their homes. This type of equipment typically consists of items such as hospital beds, walkers, wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, and mobility aids like canes and crutches. Other examples of DME include prosthetic devices, orthotics, and respiratory equipment like nebulizers and ventilators. These devices are generally durable, long-lasting, and can be used multiple times, making them a cost-effective option for patients requiring ongoing medical care and support. Overall, DME plays a', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical devices and equipment that are designed to withstand repeated use and can be used for an extended period, typically three years or more. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, oxygen tanks, and ventilators. These devices are prescribed by a healthcare provider to patients who require them for medical treatment, rehabilitation, or daily living assistance. DME is often used in home care settings, allowing patients to receive necessary therapy and treatment in the comfort of their own homes, and can greatly improve their quality of life and overall health outcomes.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of medical devices and tools designed to provide therapeutic benefits and improve the quality of life for individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. Typically, DME includes items such as wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, respirators, and prosthetic devices. These equipment are characterized by their ability to withstand repeated use, are primarily used for medical purposes, and are prescribed by a healthcare professional. DME is often covered by insurance and is designed to be used in various settings, including homes, hospitals, and rehabilitation centers, to support patients' recovery, mobility, and", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of devices and tools designed to provide therapeutic benefits and assist individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and respiratory equipment, as well as items such as commodes, shower chairs, and prosthetic devices. These equipment are typically prescribed by a healthcare provider and are intended for repeated use, often in the patient's home, to help them manage their condition, maintain independence, and improve their overall quality of life. DME is usually made of durable materials and is designed to withstand repeated use, making"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1110199):
Original:     what is wifi vs bluetooth
Reformulated: what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['WiFi and Bluetooth are two distinct wireless technologies that enable devices to communicate with each other over short distances. The primary difference between the two lies in their purpose and range. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over longer distances, typically up to 150 feet. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology that facilitates device-to-device connections, such as between headphones and smartphones, over shorter distances, usually up to 30 feet. While WiFi is commonly used for internet browsing and online activities, Bluetooth is ideal for streaming audio, file transfer, and', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless communication technologies used for connecting devices, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that allows devices to connect to the internet or communicate with each other over a local network, using radio waves to transmit data at high speeds over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range device-to-device communication, typically used for streaming audio, transferring files, or connecting peripherals like headphones, speakers, or keyboards. While WiFi operates on a wider range of frequencies and can cover larger areas, Bluetooth has a shorter range and is generally used for low-power', 'Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two different wireless technologies used for distinct purposes. Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band, typically 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz, and is commonly used for internet browsing, online streaming, and file transfers. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range communication between devices, such as wireless headphones, speakers, and file transfers between devices. Bluetooth operates on a 2.4 GHz frequency band and has a limited range of about', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device communication, typically used for streaming audio, transferring files, or connecting peripherals like headphones or speakers over short distances. While WiFi operates on a broader frequency range, offering faster speeds and wider coverage, Bluetooth consumes less power and is ideal for low-bandwidth applications, making each technology suited for specific use cases.', 'Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve distinct purposes. Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band and requires a router or access point to establish a connection. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range device-to-device communication, typically within a range of 30 feet. It enables devices such as headphones, speakers, and keyboards to connect and exchange data with each other, often for audio streaming, file transfer, or input purposes.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 24, 'query_len': 25, 'docs_len': 3656, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two distinct wireless technologies that enable devices to communicate with each other over short distances. The primary difference between the two lies in their purpose and range. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over longer distances, typically up to 150 feet. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology that facilitates device-to-device connections, such as between headphones and smartphones, over shorter distances, usually up to 30 feet. While WiFi is commonly used for internet browsing and online activities, Bluetooth is ideal for streaming audio, file transfer, and', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless communication technologies used for connecting devices, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that allows devices to connect to the internet or communicate with each other over a local network, using radio waves to transmit data at high speeds over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range device-to-device communication, typically used for streaming audio, transferring files, or connecting peripherals like headphones, speakers, or keyboards. While WiFi operates on a wider range of frequencies and can cover larger areas, Bluetooth has a shorter range and is generally used for low-power', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two different wireless technologies used for distinct purposes. Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band, typically 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz, and is commonly used for internet browsing, online streaming, and file transfers. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range communication between devices, such as wireless headphones, speakers, and file transfers between devices. Bluetooth operates on a 2.4 GHz frequency band and has a limited range of about', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve different purposes and have distinct characteristics. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device communication, typically used for streaming audio, transferring files, or connecting peripherals like headphones or speakers over short distances. While WiFi operates on a broader frequency range, offering faster speeds and wider coverage, Bluetooth consumes less power and is ideal for low-bandwidth applications, making each technology suited for specific use cases.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve distinct purposes. Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band and requires a router or access point to establish a connection. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for short-range device-to-device communication, typically within a range of 30 feet. It enables devices such as headphones, speakers, and keyboards to connect and exchange data with each other, often for audio streaming, file transfer, or input purposes.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1129237):
Original:     hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature
Reformulated: hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid bel...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the molecules of hydrogen enough for them to come together and form a liquid state. The process of liquefying hydrogen is complex and requires advanced technology, but it has significant applications in fields such as space exploration and clean energy.', 'Hydrogen is a liquid below -253 degrees Celsius (-433 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is required for hydrogen to transition from a gas to a liquid state due to its very low boiling point. At this temperature, hydrogen turns into a colorless, odorless, and highly flammable liquid, which has various industrial and scientific applications, including as a potential clean fuel source. To achieve and maintain such low temperatures, specialized cryogenic equipment and techniques are typically employed.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This transition from gas to liquid occurs when the hydrogen molecules slow down and come together, allowing them to be condensed into a liquid state. The extremely low temperature required for hydrogen to liquefy is due to its very low boiling point, making it one of the coldest liquids known.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it becomes a liquid when cooled to extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard atmospheric pressure. This is the boiling point of hydrogen, below which it transitions from a gas to a liquid state. At even lower temperatures, hydrogen can solidify, but the liquid state is a crucial phase for various industrial applications, including rocket fuel and superconducting materials research.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can exist in a liquid state under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the low density and weak intermolecular forces of hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 2585, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the molecules of hydrogen enough for them to come together and form a liquid state. The process of liquefying hydrogen is complex and requires advanced technology, but it has significant applications in fields such as space exploration and clean energy.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hydrogen is a liquid below -253 degrees Celsius (-433 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is required for hydrogen to transition from a gas to a liquid state due to its very low boiling point. At this temperature, hydrogen turns into a colorless, odorless, and highly flammable liquid, which has various industrial and scientific applications, including as a potential clean fuel source. To achieve and maintain such low temperatures, specialized cryogenic equipment and techniques are typically employed.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This transition from gas to liquid occurs when the hydrogen molecules slow down and come together, allowing them to be condensed into a liquid state. The extremely low temperature required for hydrogen to liquefy is due to its very low boiling point, making it one of the coldest liquids known.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it becomes a liquid when cooled to extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard atmospheric pressure. This is the boiling point of hydrogen, below which it transitions from a gas to a liquid state. At even lower temperatures, hydrogen can solidify, but the liquid state is a crucial phase for various industrial applications, including rocket fuel and superconducting materials research.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hydrogen is a gas at standard temperature and pressure, but it can exist in a liquid state under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius or -422.18 degrees Fahrenheit at standard pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the low density and weak intermolecular forces of hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 573724):
Original:     what are the social determinants of health
Reformulated: what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare services. Additionally, social connections, community support, and environmental factors such as air and water quality also play a crucial role. The World Health Organization (WHO) emphasizes that these social determinants can have a profound impact on health outcomes, with individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds often experiencing poorer health and reduced life expectancy compared to their more affluent counterparts. By addressing these social determinants, policymakers and healthcare professionals can work towards reducing health", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as environmental and social factors such as pollution, discrimination, and social support networks. They can have a profound impact on health outcomes, with individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds often experiencing poorer health and lower life expectancy due to limited access to resources and opportunities. Understanding and addressing these social determinants is crucial for promoting health equity and reducing health disparities, as they can affect a person's ability to make healthy choices, manage chronic", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and health outcomes. These determinants are rooted in the social and economic conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. Key factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social relationships and community connections. Additionally, factors such as food security, environmental quality, and exposure to violence or discrimination also play significant roles. By addressing these social determinants, individuals, communities, and healthcare systems can work together to reduce health disparities and promote health equity, ultimately leading", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's health outcomes and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, food security, and access to healthcare. Additionally, social connections, community support, and the physical environment also play a significant role. For instance, individuals with lower socioeconomic status may experience limited access to nutritious food, safe housing, and quality healthcare, leading to a higher risk of chronic diseases and poor health outcomes. Understanding these social determinants is crucial for developing effective public health interventions and promoting health equity across different populations. By addressing these underlying factors,", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that shape an individual's health outcomes and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to resources such as food, water, and healthcare. Additionally, social determinants encompass environmental factors like air and water quality, as well as social connections and community support. They also involve systemic issues such as discrimination, policy, and governance that influence health inequities. Understanding and addressing these social determinants is crucial for promoting health equity and improving overall well-being, as they can have a significant impact on an individual's ability to adopt"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 15, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 3835, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare services. Additionally, social connections, community support, and environmental factors such as air and water quality also play a crucial role. The World Health Organization (WHO) emphasizes that these social determinants can have a profound impact on health outcomes, with individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds often experiencing poorer health and reduced life expectancy compared to their more affluent counterparts. By addressing these social determinants, policymakers and healthcare professionals can work towards reducing health", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as environmental and social factors such as pollution, discrimination, and social support networks. They can have a profound impact on health outcomes, with individuals from disadvantaged backgrounds often experiencing poorer health and lower life expectancy due to limited access to resources and opportunities. Understanding and addressing these social determinants is crucial for promoting health equity and reducing health disparities, as they can affect a person's ability to make healthy choices, manage chronic", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and health outcomes. These determinants are rooted in the social and economic conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. Key factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social relationships and community connections. Additionally, factors such as food security, environmental quality, and exposure to violence or discrimination also play significant roles. By addressing these social determinants, individuals, communities, and healthcare systems can work together to reduce health disparities and promote health equity, ultimately leading", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's health outcomes and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, food security, and access to healthcare. Additionally, social connections, community support, and the physical environment also play a significant role. For instance, individuals with lower socioeconomic status may experience limited access to nutritious food, safe housing, and quality healthcare, leading to a higher risk of chronic diseases and poor health outcomes. Understanding these social determinants is crucial for developing effective public health interventions and promoting health equity across different populations. By addressing these underlying factors,", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that shape an individual's health outcomes and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to resources such as food, water, and healthcare. Additionally, social determinants encompass environmental factors like air and water quality, as well as social connections and community support. They also involve systemic issues such as discrimination, policy, and governance that influence health inequities. Understanding and addressing these social determinants is crucial for promoting health equity and improving overall well-being, as they can have a significant impact on an individual's ability to adopt"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1121709):
Original:     what are the three percenters?
Reformulated: what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the t...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loosely organized American militia movement that emerged in 2008. The group's name is derived from the idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution, implying that a small, committed minority can effect significant change. The Three Percenters are generally characterized by their anti-government and pro-gun rights stance, often expressing opposition to what they perceive as government overreach and advocating for individual liberties and the right to bear arms. While the group has no centralized leadership, local chapters and online forums allow members to", 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a far-right, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" originates from the unverified claim that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution. Members of this group believe that they are the modern equivalent of these revolutionaries, fighting against what they perceive as government tyranny and oppression. The movement is known for its radical ideology, which emphasizes individual freedom, gun rights, and resistance to government authority, and has been linked to various extremist and white nationalist groups. Three Percent', 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loose network of anti-government, pro-gun activists who emerged in the United States in 2008. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the unverified claim that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a radical interpretation of the Second Amendment, emphasizing the right to bear arms and resist perceived government overreach. They often express discontent with federal authority, advocating for limited government intervention and individual freedom. While not all members are violent, some have been linked to', 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a similarly small percentage of modern-day Americans are needed to resist what they see as government overreach and tyranny. The group\'s ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiment, gun rights, and a belief in individual liberty, with many members identifying as patriots or constitutionalists. They often participate in armed protests, rallies, and online communities, advocating for', "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, is a loosely organized American militant movement. The name refers to the mythical idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution. The group's ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiment, advocating for limited government intervention and the protection of individual rights, particularly the right to bear arms. They often express concerns about government overreach and perceived threats to the Second Amendment. While the movement gained prominence in the 2000s, it has been associated with extremist and white nationalist ideologies, leading to controversy and scrutiny from law enforcement"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3432, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loosely organized American militia movement that emerged in 2008. The group's name is derived from the idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution, implying that a small, committed minority can effect significant change. The Three Percenters are generally characterized by their anti-government and pro-gun rights stance, often expressing opposition to what they perceive as government overreach and advocating for individual liberties and the right to bear arms. While the group has no centralized leadership, local chapters and online forums allow members to", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a far-right, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" originates from the unverified claim that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution. Members of this group believe that they are the modern equivalent of these revolutionaries, fighting against what they perceive as government tyranny and oppression. The movement is known for its radical ideology, which emphasizes individual freedom, gun rights, and resistance to government authority, and has been linked to various extremist and white nationalist groups. Three Percent', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loose network of anti-government, pro-gun activists who emerged in the United States in 2008. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the unverified claim that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a radical interpretation of the Second Amendment, emphasizing the right to bear arms and resist perceived government overreach. They often express discontent with federal authority, advocating for limited government intervention and individual freedom. While not all members are violent, some have been linked to', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a similarly small percentage of modern-day Americans are needed to resist what they see as government overreach and tyranny. The group\'s ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiment, gun rights, and a belief in individual liberty, with many members identifying as patriots or constitutionalists. They often participate in armed protests, rallies, and online communities, advocating for', 'pseudo_doc_5': "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, is a loosely organized American militant movement. The name refers to the mythical idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution. The group's ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiment, advocating for limited government intervention and the protection of individual rights, particularly the right to bear arms. They often express concerns about government overreach and perceived threats to the Second Amendment. While the movement gained prominence in the 2000s, it has been associated with extremist and white nationalist ideologies, leading to controversy and scrutiny from law enforcement"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 489204):
Original:     right pelvic pain causes
Reformulated: right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Right pelvic pain can stem from various causes, ranging from gastrointestinal issues to reproductive problems. In women, conditions such as ovarian cysts, endometriosis, and ectopic pregnancy can lead to pain on the right side of the pelvis. Additionally, appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, is a common cause of right pelvic pain, particularly if the appendix is located near the right pelvic area. Other possible causes include kidney stones, diverticulitis, and inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis. It's essential to seek medical attention if the pain is severe, persistent, or accompanied", 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including menstrual cramps, ovulation, and endometriosis in women. In addition to these gynecological issues, other potential causes include appendicitis, kidney stones, and urinary tract infections. Furthermore, musculoskeletal problems such as strained muscles or hip injuries can also lead to pain in the right pelvic area. In some cases, more serious conditions like ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, or inflammatory bowel disease may be the underlying cause of the pain, emphasizing the importance of seeking medical evaluation to determine the exact cause and appropriate treatment.', 'Right pelvic pain can stem from various causes, including appendicitis, which is the inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, and kidney stones, which can put pressure on the surrounding pelvic area. In some cases, right pelvic pain may also be a symptom of gastrointestinal issues such as irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), diverticulitis, or inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Additionally, musculoskeletal problems like strained muscles or ligaments in the pelvic region can also contribute to this type of pain. It is essential to consult a healthcare', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, ovarian cysts, and kidney stones. Musculoskeletal issues such as strained muscles or ligaments in the pelvic region can also lead to pain. Additionally, gastrointestinal problems like constipation, inflammatory bowel disease, and diverticulitis may cause right pelvic pain. In women, conditions like endometriosis and ectopic pregnancy can also be a source of pain in this area. It is essential to seek medical attention if the pain is severe, persistent, or accompanied by other symptoms like fever, vomiting, or difficulty urinating, as timely diagnosis and', "Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, which is an inflammation of the appendix, a small organ located near the junction of the small and large intestines. Other causes include kidney stones, ovulation pain in females, and ectopic pregnancy. Additionally, right pelvic pain can be related to gastrointestinal issues such as constipation, irritable bowel syndrome, or inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's disease. In some cases, it can also be a symptom of musculoskeletal problems, including strains or tears in the muscles or ligaments in the pelvic area. If the pain persists or is severe,"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 22, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 3221, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Right pelvic pain can stem from various causes, ranging from gastrointestinal issues to reproductive problems. In women, conditions such as ovarian cysts, endometriosis, and ectopic pregnancy can lead to pain on the right side of the pelvis. Additionally, appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, is a common cause of right pelvic pain, particularly if the appendix is located near the right pelvic area. Other possible causes include kidney stones, diverticulitis, and inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis. It's essential to seek medical attention if the pain is severe, persistent, or accompanied", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including menstrual cramps, ovulation, and endometriosis in women. In addition to these gynecological issues, other potential causes include appendicitis, kidney stones, and urinary tract infections. Furthermore, musculoskeletal problems such as strained muscles or hip injuries can also lead to pain in the right pelvic area. In some cases, more serious conditions like ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, or inflammatory bowel disease may be the underlying cause of the pain, emphasizing the importance of seeking medical evaluation to determine the exact cause and appropriate treatment.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Right pelvic pain can stem from various causes, including appendicitis, which is the inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, and kidney stones, which can put pressure on the surrounding pelvic area. In some cases, right pelvic pain may also be a symptom of gastrointestinal issues such as irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), diverticulitis, or inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Additionally, musculoskeletal problems like strained muscles or ligaments in the pelvic region can also contribute to this type of pain. It is essential to consult a healthcare', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, ovarian cysts, and kidney stones. Musculoskeletal issues such as strained muscles or ligaments in the pelvic region can also lead to pain. Additionally, gastrointestinal problems like constipation, inflammatory bowel disease, and diverticulitis may cause right pelvic pain. In women, conditions like endometriosis and ectopic pregnancy can also be a source of pain in this area. It is essential to seek medical attention if the pain is severe, persistent, or accompanied by other symptoms like fever, vomiting, or difficulty urinating, as timely diagnosis and', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, which is an inflammation of the appendix, a small organ located near the junction of the small and large intestines. Other causes include kidney stones, ovulation pain in females, and ectopic pregnancy. Additionally, right pelvic pain can be related to gastrointestinal issues such as constipation, irritable bowel syndrome, or inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's disease. In some cases, it can also be a symptom of musculoskeletal problems, including strains or tears in the muscles or ligaments in the pelvic area. If the pain persists or is severe,"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 131843):
Original:     definition of a sigmet
Reformulated: definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other aviation stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions. It is typically broadcasted over radio or other communication systems to provide critical information about weather phenomena such as thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and volcanic ash that could impact the safety of flights. SIGMETs are an essential tool for ensuring aviation safety, enabling pilots to make informed decisions and take necessary precautions to avoid adverse weather conditions during flight operations.', 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to warn of significant weather phenomena that may impact the safety of aircraft in flight. These advisories are typically issued when hazardous weather conditions, such as thunderstorms, turbulence, or icing, are forecasted or observed within a specific area. The purpose of a SIGMET is to provide critical information to pilots and aviation stakeholders, enabling them to make informed decisions about flight planning, routing, and operations to ensure safe flight operations.', 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions may include thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could impact flight safety. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and provide detailed information on the location, intensity, and duration of the weather phenomenon, allowing pilots to take necessary precautions to ensure safe flight operations.', 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could pose a threat to aircraft operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact the safety of flight operations. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could pose a threat to aircraft performance and navigation. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific region and are usually valid for a limited time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and execution.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 23, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 3048, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other aviation stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions. It is typically broadcasted over radio or other communication systems to provide critical information about weather phenomena such as thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and volcanic ash that could impact the safety of flights. SIGMETs are an essential tool for ensuring aviation safety, enabling pilots to make informed decisions and take necessary precautions to avoid adverse weather conditions during flight operations.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to warn of significant weather phenomena that may impact the safety of aircraft in flight. These advisories are typically issued when hazardous weather conditions, such as thunderstorms, turbulence, or icing, are forecasted or observed within a specific area. The purpose of a SIGMET is to provide critical information to pilots and aviation stakeholders, enabling them to make informed decisions about flight planning, routing, and operations to ensure safe flight operations.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions may include thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could impact flight safety. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and provide detailed information on the location, intensity, and duration of the weather phenomenon, allowing pilots to take necessary precautions to ensure safe flight operations.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could pose a threat to aircraft operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific geographic area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and navigation.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact the safety of flight operations. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could pose a threat to aircraft performance and navigation. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific region and are usually valid for a limited time period, providing critical information to help pilots make informed decisions about flight planning and execution.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

