Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 264014):
Original:     how long is life cycle of flea
Reformulated: how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is li...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by the female flea and typically take 2 to 5 days to hatch. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in environments such as carpets, bedding, or soil. This stage lasts about 5 to 11 days, after which the larvae form cocoons (pupae). Pupae can remain dormant for several weeks to over six months, depending on environmental conditions. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae when a host is detected. The entire life cycle can range from as short as two', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. This cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by the female fleas, usually within a day after a blood meal, and can take up to two weeks to hatch. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in dark, protected areas like carpets and furniture for 5 to 11 days before spinning cocoons. In these cocoons, they develop into pupae, a stage that can last from 5 days to several months depending on environmental factors. Once mature,', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in environments where hosts are present, typically within 12 to 36 hours after a blood meal. These eggs hatch into larvae within 2 to 14 days, and the larvae then molt twice over the next 5 to 15 days before entering the pupal stage. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae within 5 days to several months, depending on environmental conditions. The entire life cycle can range from as short as two weeks to as long as a year, with the pupal', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days, but can extend up to several months depending on environmental conditions. This cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult fleas, usually within 30 minutes after feeding, and can number from 20 to 50 per sitting. Larvae emerge from eggs in 5 to 18 days, and feed on organic matter in their environment. The pupal stage follows, during which the larvae form cocoons, which can remain dormant for extended periods. Adults emerge from these', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days, but it can extend up to several months depending on environmental conditions. This cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches of 20 to 50 by adult fleas, primarily in areas where the host animal rests or frequents. Larvae emerge from these eggs within 5 to 18 days, feeding on organic matter, including flea feces. They then spin cocoons and enter the pupal stage, which can last from one week to several months. Once conditions'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2680, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by the female flea and typically take 2 to 5 days to hatch. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in environments such as carpets, bedding, or soil. This stage lasts about 5 to 11 days, after which the larvae form cocoons (pupae). Pupae can remain dormant for several weeks to over six months, depending on environmental conditions. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae when a host is detected. The entire life cycle can range from as short as two', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. This cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by the female fleas, usually within a day after a blood meal, and can take up to two weeks to hatch. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in dark, protected areas like carpets and furniture for 5 to 11 days before spinning cocoons. In these cocoons, they develop into pupae, a stage that can last from 5 days to several months depending on environmental factors. Once mature,', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in environments where hosts are present, typically within 12 to 36 hours after a blood meal. These eggs hatch into larvae within 2 to 14 days, and the larvae then molt twice over the next 5 to 15 days before entering the pupal stage. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae within 5 days to several months, depending on environmental conditions. The entire life cycle can range from as short as two weeks to as long as a year, with the pupal', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days, but can extend up to several months depending on environmental conditions. This cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult fleas, usually within 30 minutes after feeding, and can number from 20 to 50 per sitting. Larvae emerge from eggs in 5 to 18 days, and feed on organic matter in their environment. The pupal stage follows, during which the larvae form cocoons, which can remain dormant for extended periods. Adults emerge from these', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days, but it can extend up to several months depending on environmental conditions. This cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches of 20 to 50 by adult fleas, primarily in areas where the host animal rests or frequents. Larvae emerge from these eggs within 5 to 18 days, feeding on organic matter, including flea feces. They then spin cocoons and enter the pupal stage, which can last from one week to several months. Once conditions'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 104861):
Original:     cost of interior concrete flooring
Reformulated: cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the size of the area, the type of concrete used, and any additional finishes or treatments. Generally, the installation cost ranges from $2 to $8 per square foot for plain concrete, while polished or stained concrete can cost between $5 and $15 per square foot. Luxury options like epoxy-coated concrete might range from $10 to $25 per square foot. Labor costs, material quality, and local market conditions also significantly impact the final price.', "The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly based on several factors including the type of concrete used, the thickness of the slab, the presence of finishes or coatings, and the complexity of the installation. Generally, basic interior concrete flooring starts at around $4 to $8 per square foot for labor alone, with materials adding another $1 to $3 per square foot. High-end finishes and specialized coatings can push the total cost to $15 or more per square foot. Additionally, any additional features like drainage systems, vapor barriers, or custom designs will increase the overall cost. It's important to consider these factors when estimating the total expense", 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the quality of materials, the complexity of the design, and the labor required for installation. On average, the cost ranges from $3 to $9 per square foot for plain concrete, while polished or stained concrete can cost between $7 and $25 per square foot. Additional costs for patterns, seals, and other enhancements can further increase the price. Labor costs typically account for the largest portion of the total expense, often ranging from $2 to $6 per square foot. Overall, the total cost for interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on these factors.', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the quality of concrete used, surface preparation, finish application, and additional features such as staining or epoxy coating. Generally, basic concrete flooring can range from $2 to $5 per square foot for materials and labor. Premium options, which include decorative finishes, may cost between $6 to $15 per square foot. Factors like the size of the area, complexity of the design, and the need for specialized finishes also influence the final cost.', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly based on several factors including the quality of concrete used, the application method, additional finishes, and labor costs. Typically, a basic interior concrete floor starts at around $4 to $8 per square foot, but this can increase to $10 to $25 per square foot with polished or decorative finishes. Factors like thickness, sealer applications, and specialized techniques can also affect the final price, making it essential to consult with a professional estimator for an accurate quote.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 34, 'docs_len': 2969, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the size of the area, the type of concrete used, and any additional finishes or treatments. Generally, the installation cost ranges from $2 to $8 per square foot for plain concrete, while polished or stained concrete can cost between $5 and $15 per square foot. Luxury options like epoxy-coated concrete might range from $10 to $25 per square foot. Labor costs, material quality, and local market conditions also significantly impact the final price.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly based on several factors including the type of concrete used, the thickness of the slab, the presence of finishes or coatings, and the complexity of the installation. Generally, basic interior concrete flooring starts at around $4 to $8 per square foot for labor alone, with materials adding another $1 to $3 per square foot. High-end finishes and specialized coatings can push the total cost to $15 or more per square foot. Additionally, any additional features like drainage systems, vapor barriers, or custom designs will increase the overall cost. It's important to consider these factors when estimating the total expense", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the quality of materials, the complexity of the design, and the labor required for installation. On average, the cost ranges from $3 to $9 per square foot for plain concrete, while polished or stained concrete can cost between $7 and $25 per square foot. Additional costs for patterns, seals, and other enhancements can further increase the price. Labor costs typically account for the largest portion of the total expense, often ranging from $2 to $6 per square foot. Overall, the total cost for interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on these factors.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the quality of concrete used, surface preparation, finish application, and additional features such as staining or epoxy coating. Generally, basic concrete flooring can range from $2 to $5 per square foot for materials and labor. Premium options, which include decorative finishes, may cost between $6 to $15 per square foot. Factors like the size of the area, complexity of the design, and the need for specialized finishes also influence the final cost.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly based on several factors including the quality of concrete used, the application method, additional finishes, and labor costs. Typically, a basic interior concrete floor starts at around $4 to $8 per square foot, but this can increase to $10 to $25 per square foot with polished or decorative finishes. Factors like thickness, sealer applications, and specialized techniques can also affect the final price, making it essential to consult with a professional estimator for an accurate quote.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 130510):
Original:     definition declaratory judgment
Reformulated: definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definiti...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to formally determine the rights, duties, or obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or relief. This type of judgment is typically used to resolve uncertainty or clarify the legal status of a situation. Courts issue declaratory judgments to provide guidance and certainty to the parties involved, preventing potential future conflicts. These judgments are particularly useful in cases involving contracts, property disputes, and constitutional questions, where clarifying the legal landscape is paramount.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to settle an actual controversy between parties by interpreting the rights, duties, or obligations of those parties. This type of judgment is used to clarify legal rights, status, or obligations without necessarily resolving disputes or determining liability. It provides a formal determination from the court on a specific issue, helping parties understand their legal positions before taking further action.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or awarding damages. This type of judgment clarifies legal relationships or obligations and is typically used to resolve uncertainties or ambiguities in laws or contracts. It allows parties to seek clarification from the court on their legal rights before any actual harm occurs, thereby preventing potential disputes or guiding future actions based on clear legal directives.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or status of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment clarifies ambiguous legal situations or disputes over contractual agreements, providing clarity and preventing potential future conflicts. It is often used when parties seek a definitive interpretation of laws, contracts, or other legal documents without necessarily seeking damages or specific performance.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to formally determine the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or relief. This type of judgment clarifies the legal relationships and provides certainty regarding the interpretation of laws or contracts. Declaratory judgments are typically used to resolve ambiguities or conflicts before actual harm occurs, offering a way for individuals or entities to seek clarification on their legal rights without necessarily needing to engage in a full adversarial proceeding.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 2733, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to formally determine the rights, duties, or obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or relief. This type of judgment is typically used to resolve uncertainty or clarify the legal status of a situation. Courts issue declaratory judgments to provide guidance and certainty to the parties involved, preventing potential future conflicts. These judgments are particularly useful in cases involving contracts, property disputes, and constitutional questions, where clarifying the legal landscape is paramount.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to settle an actual controversy between parties by interpreting the rights, duties, or obligations of those parties. This type of judgment is used to clarify legal rights, status, or obligations without necessarily resolving disputes or determining liability. It provides a formal determination from the court on a specific issue, helping parties understand their legal positions before taking further action.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or awarding damages. This type of judgment clarifies legal relationships or obligations and is typically used to resolve uncertainties or ambiguities in laws or contracts. It allows parties to seek clarification from the court on their legal rights before any actual harm occurs, thereby preventing potential disputes or guiding future actions based on clear legal directives.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or status of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment clarifies ambiguous legal situations or disputes over contractual agreements, providing clarity and preventing potential future conflicts. It is often used when parties seek a definitive interpretation of laws, contracts, or other legal documents without necessarily seeking damages or specific performance.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to formally determine the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action or relief. This type of judgment clarifies the legal relationships and provides certainty regarding the interpretation of laws or contracts. Declaratory judgments are typically used to resolve ambiguities or conflicts before actual harm occurs, offering a way for individuals or entities to seek clarification on their legal rights without necessarily needing to engage in a full adversarial proceeding.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1114819):
Original:     what is durable medical equipment consist of
Reformulated: what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical supplies and devices that are designed for long-term use and typically require a prescription. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, nebulizers, and walkers. These items are intended to assist patients in managing chronic conditions or recovering from illnesses or injuries. DME must meet strict quality and safety standards set by regulatory bodies to ensure they are reliable and safe for use in home healthcare settings.', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home healthcare settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, walkers, and blood glucose monitors. These devices are typically covered by insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider for patient use outside of a clinical setting.', "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in patients' homes or healthcare facilities. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, nebulizers, and mobility scooters. These devices are typically covered by health insurance if they are medically necessary and prescribed by a healthcare provider. DME is intended to assist patients with chronic conditions, disabilities, or temporary illnesses, enhancing their ability to manage daily activities independently.", 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in the home or healthcare setting. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, and nebulizers. These items are typically covered by health insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider for a patient’s medical needs. DME must meet strict standards for safety and durability to ensure they can withstand regular use over extended periods.', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical supplies and devices that are designed for long-term use in home or institutional settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, walkers, and blood glucose monitoring systems. These items are typically covered by insurance if they are medically necessary and prescribed by a healthcare provider. DME is intended to assist patients with chronic conditions, mobility issues, or other health needs, helping them maintain their independence and manage their conditions effectively at home.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 2469, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical supplies and devices that are designed for long-term use and typically require a prescription. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, nebulizers, and walkers. These items are intended to assist patients in managing chronic conditions or recovering from illnesses or injuries. DME must meet strict quality and safety standards set by regulatory bodies to ensure they are reliable and safe for use in home healthcare settings.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home healthcare settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, walkers, and blood glucose monitors. These devices are typically covered by insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider for patient use outside of a clinical setting.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in patients' homes or healthcare facilities. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, nebulizers, and mobility scooters. These devices are typically covered by health insurance if they are medically necessary and prescribed by a healthcare provider. DME is intended to assist patients with chronic conditions, disabilities, or temporary illnesses, enhancing their ability to manage daily activities independently.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in the home or healthcare setting. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, and nebulizers. These items are typically covered by health insurance when prescribed by a healthcare provider for a patient’s medical needs. DME must meet strict standards for safety and durability to ensure they can withstand regular use over extended periods.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of medical supplies and devices that are designed for long-term use in home or institutional settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, walkers, and blood glucose monitoring systems. These items are typically covered by insurance if they are medically necessary and prescribed by a healthcare provider. DME is intended to assist patients with chronic conditions, mobility issues, or other health needs, helping them maintain their independence and manage their conditions effectively at home.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1110199):
Original:     what is wifi vs bluetooth
Reformulated: what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and operate in distinct ways. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and large-scale networking, allowing devices to connect to the internet or to each other over short to medium distances (up to 100 meters). It operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing faster data transfer rates suitable for activities like streaming video, downloading files, and connecting to Wi-Fi networks.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, is optimized for short-range wireless communication between devices, typically within a few meters. It is commonly used for connecting', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission but differ in their primary functions and capabilities. WiFi is designed for high-speed internet connectivity over short to medium distances, typically up to 100 meters. It operates on the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands and supports faster data transfer rates, making it ideal for tasks like streaming videos or transferring large files.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth is a short-range wireless technology that focuses on connecting devices such as smartphones, headphones, and smartwatches. It operates on the 2.4 GHz band and is optimized for lower power consumption, making it suitable for', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for transmitting data over short distances. WiFi, typically operating in the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz frequency bands, is designed for high-speed internet connectivity and can support multiple devices simultaneously, making it ideal for connecting to the internet and sharing large amounts of data. On the other hand, Bluetooth operates at a lower frequency (around 2.4 GHz) and supports data transfer rates up to 24 Mbps. It is primarily used for short-range wireless communication between devices such as smartphones, headsets, and speakers, providing a more energy-efficient and simpler way to connect devices compared to WiFi', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they differ in range, speed, and intended use. WiFi operates on 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, offering faster data rates suitable for internet connectivity and large-scale networking. It typically has a greater range (up to several hundred feet indoors) and supports multiple devices simultaneously over a local area network (LAN). On the other hand, Bluetooth operates on the 2.4 GHz band and provides lower data rates but with lower power consumption, making it ideal for short-range, low-bandwidth applications like audio streaming, file transfer, and device pairing. Its', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they operate differently and have distinct purposes. WiFi is primarily designed for connecting devices to the internet or to each other over longer distances (up to 100 meters) using radio waves in the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz frequency bands. It supports high-speed data transfer, making it ideal for internet access, streaming, and file sharing.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth operates in the same 2.4 GHz frequency band as WiFi but is optimized for short-range, low-power wireless communication between nearby devices, typically within a few meters. It is commonly used'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 22, 'query_len': 25, 'docs_len': 3345, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and operate in distinct ways. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and large-scale networking, allowing devices to connect to the internet or to each other over short to medium distances (up to 100 meters). It operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, providing faster data transfer rates suitable for activities like streaming video, downloading files, and connecting to Wi-Fi networks.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, is optimized for short-range wireless communication between devices, typically within a few meters. It is commonly used for connecting', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission but differ in their primary functions and capabilities. WiFi is designed for high-speed internet connectivity over short to medium distances, typically up to 100 meters. It operates on the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands and supports faster data transfer rates, making it ideal for tasks like streaming videos or transferring large files.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth is a short-range wireless technology that focuses on connecting devices such as smartphones, headphones, and smartwatches. It operates on the 2.4 GHz band and is optimized for lower power consumption, making it suitable for', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for transmitting data over short distances. WiFi, typically operating in the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz frequency bands, is designed for high-speed internet connectivity and can support multiple devices simultaneously, making it ideal for connecting to the internet and sharing large amounts of data. On the other hand, Bluetooth operates at a lower frequency (around 2.4 GHz) and supports data transfer rates up to 24 Mbps. It is primarily used for short-range wireless communication between devices such as smartphones, headsets, and speakers, providing a more energy-efficient and simpler way to connect devices compared to WiFi', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they differ in range, speed, and intended use. WiFi operates on 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, offering faster data rates suitable for internet connectivity and large-scale networking. It typically has a greater range (up to several hundred feet indoors) and supports multiple devices simultaneously over a local area network (LAN). On the other hand, Bluetooth operates on the 2.4 GHz band and provides lower data rates but with lower power consumption, making it ideal for short-range, low-bandwidth applications like audio streaming, file transfer, and device pairing. Its', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they operate differently and have distinct purposes. WiFi is primarily designed for connecting devices to the internet or to each other over longer distances (up to 100 meters) using radio waves in the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz frequency bands. It supports high-speed data transfer, making it ideal for internet access, streaming, and file sharing.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth operates in the same 2.4 GHz frequency band as WiFi but is optimized for short-range, low-power wireless communication between nearby devices, typically within a few meters. It is commonly used'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1129237):
Original:     hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature
Reformulated: hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid bel...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hydrogen transitions into a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when cooled to -252.87 degrees Celsius (-423.17 degrees Fahrenheit), which is approximately 20.3 Kelvin. Below this temperature, hydrogen exhibits its liquid form.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gaseous state to a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen must be cooled to -252.87°C (20.30 K) to become a liquid. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid form, making it useful in certain industrial applications such as rocket propulsion and cryogenics.', 'Hydrogen transitions into a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen must be cooled to -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.30 Kelvin) before it liquefies. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists as a liquid rather than a gas or solid.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at approximately -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is very close to absolute zero. Below this temperature, hydrogen can exist in its liquid state.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gaseous state to a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is very close to absolute zero. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists as a liquid.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 5, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 1345, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hydrogen transitions into a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when cooled to -252.87 degrees Celsius (-423.17 degrees Fahrenheit), which is approximately 20.3 Kelvin. Below this temperature, hydrogen exhibits its liquid form.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gaseous state to a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen must be cooled to -252.87°C (20.30 K) to become a liquid. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid form, making it useful in certain industrial applications such as rocket propulsion and cryogenics.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hydrogen transitions into a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen must be cooled to -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.30 Kelvin) before it liquefies. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists as a liquid rather than a gas or solid.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at approximately -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is very close to absolute zero. Below this temperature, hydrogen can exist in its liquid state.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gaseous state to a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen liquefies at -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is very close to absolute zero. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists as a liquid.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 573724):
Original:     what are the social determinants of health
Reformulated: what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, social support networks, and access to health care. For instance, individuals living in poverty often face barriers to accessing quality healthcare, nutritious food, and safe housing, which can negatively impact their health outcomes. Education also plays a critical role, as higher levels of educational attainment are associated with better health behaviors and life expectancy. Additionally, social support from family and community networks can significantly influence mental health and overall well-being. Thus, addressing SDOH', 'Social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, health care access and quality, and neighborhood and built environment. They significantly influence individual and population health outcomes. For instance, socioeconomic status affects access to nutritious food, safe housing, and healthcare services, while education levels impact knowledge about healthy behaviors and disease prevention. Community safety and environmental conditions also play crucial roles, as they affect mental health and physical well-being. Overall, addressing these determinants is essential for improving public health and reducing health disparities.', 'Social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include education access and quality, employment opportunities, housing stability, and community safety. For example, individuals with higher educational attainment tend to have better health outcomes due to improved knowledge about healthy behaviors. Similarly, stable housing reduces stress and exposure to environmental hazards, contributing positively to health. Economic stability, access to healthcare services, and social support networks also significantly impact health outcomes, illustrating how broader societal factors underpin individual health.', "Social determinants of health (SDOH) encompass the various factors that influence an individual's health status. These include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, healthcare access and quality, and neighborhood and built environment. For instance, socioeconomic status significantly impacts health outcomes; individuals from lower-income backgrounds often face barriers to accessing quality healthcare and healthy resources. Education also plays a crucial role, as it affects one's ability to understand health information and make informed decisions. Additionally, social support networks and safety within communities can greatly influence mental and physical well-being. Lastly, the physical environment, such as clean water and safe housing, directly", "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's well-being. These include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, and access to healthy food and safe housing. For instance, individuals in stable economic situations are less likely to experience stress-related health issues. Similarly, better educational opportunities can lead to higher awareness of health practices. Community safety and access to nutritious foods also play crucial roles in preventing chronic diseases. Addressing these determinants through policy and community initiatives can improve overall public health outcomes."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 3668, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, social support networks, and access to health care. For instance, individuals living in poverty often face barriers to accessing quality healthcare, nutritious food, and safe housing, which can negatively impact their health outcomes. Education also plays a critical role, as higher levels of educational attainment are associated with better health behaviors and life expectancy. Additionally, social support from family and community networks can significantly influence mental health and overall well-being. Thus, addressing SDOH', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, health care access and quality, and neighborhood and built environment. They significantly influence individual and population health outcomes. For instance, socioeconomic status affects access to nutritious food, safe housing, and healthcare services, while education levels impact knowledge about healthy behaviors and disease prevention. Community safety and environmental conditions also play crucial roles, as they affect mental health and physical well-being. Overall, addressing these determinants is essential for improving public health and reducing health disparities.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include education access and quality, employment opportunities, housing stability, and community safety. For example, individuals with higher educational attainment tend to have better health outcomes due to improved knowledge about healthy behaviors. Similarly, stable housing reduces stress and exposure to environmental hazards, contributing positively to health. Economic stability, access to healthcare services, and social support networks also significantly impact health outcomes, illustrating how broader societal factors underpin individual health.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Social determinants of health (SDOH) encompass the various factors that influence an individual's health status. These include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, healthcare access and quality, and neighborhood and built environment. For instance, socioeconomic status significantly impacts health outcomes; individuals from lower-income backgrounds often face barriers to accessing quality healthcare and healthy resources. Education also plays a crucial role, as it affects one's ability to understand health information and make informed decisions. Additionally, social support networks and safety within communities can greatly influence mental and physical well-being. Lastly, the physical environment, such as clean water and safe housing, directly", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's well-being. These include economic stability, education access and quality, social and community context, and access to healthy food and safe housing. For instance, individuals in stable economic situations are less likely to experience stress-related health issues. Similarly, better educational opportunities can lead to higher awareness of health practices. Community safety and access to nutritious foods also play crucial roles in preventing chronic diseases. Addressing these determinants through policy and community initiatives can improve overall public health outcomes."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1121709):
Original:     what are the three percenters?
Reformulated: what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the t...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The "Three Percenters" is a loose affiliation of American citizens who identify with a right-wing ideology. This group claims to represent the 3% of Americans who they believe are law-abiding, self-reliant, and committed to defending constitutional rights. Originating in the late 1990s, the Three Percenters have been involved in various militia movements and often express skepticism towards government authority. While they share some common beliefs with other right-wing extremist groups, their focus on a small, voluntary membership distinguishes them from larger organizations.', 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose coalition of American right-wing extremists who claim to represent only 3% of the population. They often describe themselves as patriots who oppose what they perceive as government overreach and tyranny. The group\'s ideology blends elements of white supremacy, anti-government sentiments, and militia movements. Founded in the early 2000s by former members of the militiamen group Aryan Nations, the Three Percenters are known for their involvement in various armed protests and conspiracy theories. However, it\'s important to note that the group\'s beliefs and activities can be extremely dangerous and are not representative', 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose affiliation of American citizens who identify with a right-wing ideology. Originating in the early 2000s, they believe that only 3% of the population genuinely defends the U.S. Constitution and are opposed to what they perceive as government tyranny and corruption. This group often participates in militia activities, supports conspiracy theories, and has been involved in various protests and demonstrations.', 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose network of militia groups in the United States. The name derives from the claim that only 3% of Americans would remain loyal to the Constitution if the government became tyrannical. These groups typically advocate for Second Amendment rights, criticize federal overreach, and promote armed resistance to what they perceive as unconstitutional actions by the U.S. government. While not officially affiliated, these groups share a common ideology of distrust towards central authority and support for self-defense.', 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose affiliation of militia groups in the United States. This term was coined by former Texas Ranger Bill Jordan in 1996 to describe individuals who remain committed to the principles of the Constitution, as opposed to the majority of law-abiding citizens. These groups often express skepticism towards government authority and advocate for individual rights, particularly the Second Amendment. While not a cohesive organization, the Three Percenters are known for their anti-government stance and have been associated with various conspiracy theories and militia activities.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 15, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2864, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose affiliation of American citizens who identify with a right-wing ideology. This group claims to represent the 3% of Americans who they believe are law-abiding, self-reliant, and committed to defending constitutional rights. Originating in the late 1990s, the Three Percenters have been involved in various militia movements and often express skepticism towards government authority. While they share some common beliefs with other right-wing extremist groups, their focus on a small, voluntary membership distinguishes them from larger organizations.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose coalition of American right-wing extremists who claim to represent only 3% of the population. They often describe themselves as patriots who oppose what they perceive as government overreach and tyranny. The group\'s ideology blends elements of white supremacy, anti-government sentiments, and militia movements. Founded in the early 2000s by former members of the militiamen group Aryan Nations, the Three Percenters are known for their involvement in various armed protests and conspiracy theories. However, it\'s important to note that the group\'s beliefs and activities can be extremely dangerous and are not representative', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose affiliation of American citizens who identify with a right-wing ideology. Originating in the early 2000s, they believe that only 3% of the population genuinely defends the U.S. Constitution and are opposed to what they perceive as government tyranny and corruption. This group often participates in militia activities, supports conspiracy theories, and has been involved in various protests and demonstrations.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose network of militia groups in the United States. The name derives from the claim that only 3% of Americans would remain loyal to the Constitution if the government became tyrannical. These groups typically advocate for Second Amendment rights, criticize federal overreach, and promote armed resistance to what they perceive as unconstitutional actions by the U.S. government. While not officially affiliated, these groups share a common ideology of distrust towards central authority and support for self-defense.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose affiliation of militia groups in the United States. This term was coined by former Texas Ranger Bill Jordan in 1996 to describe individuals who remain committed to the principles of the Constitution, as opposed to the majority of law-abiding citizens. These groups often express skepticism towards government authority and advocate for individual rights, particularly the Second Amendment. While not a cohesive organization, the Three Percenters are known for their anti-government stance and have been associated with various conspiracy theories and militia activities.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 489204):
Original:     right pelvic pain causes
Reformulated: right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Other potential causes include kidney stones, constipation, or hernias. In women, issues such as endometriosis or pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain. Proper diagnosis typically involves a physical examination, medical history review, and possibly imaging tests or blood work to determine the underlying cause.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. It may also stem from issues like constipation, which can lead to pressure on nearby structures. In women, conditions such as endometriosis or ovarian inflammation can contribute to right-sided pain. Additionally, conditions affecting the urinary system, like a urinary tract infection or kidney stones, can cause discomfort in this area. Proper diagnosis often requires a combination of medical history, physical examination, and possibly imaging tests to pinpoint the exact cause.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Other potential causes include irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), constipation, and kidney stones. In women, conditions such as endometriosis and ovarian inflammation may also lead to right-sided pelvic pain. Less common causes include infections, tumors, or referred pain from the liver or gallbladder. Accurate diagnosis typically requires a medical history review, physical examination, and possibly imaging studies or lab tests.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strain, ligament sprain, or hernias. More serious causes might include appendicitis, where pain often starts around the navel and then moves to the lower right abdomen. Ovarian cysts, ovarian cancer, or endometriosis can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain in women. Additionally, issues like urinary tract infections (UTIs) or kidney stones may result in pain localized to the right side of the pelvis. Proper diagnosis requires evaluation by a healthcare professional who can consider the patient’s symptoms, medical history, and perform necessary tests.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by several factors. Common causes include muscle strain or injury, which often results from physical activities or sudden movements. Ovarian cysts and endometriosis are gynecological conditions that can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain, especially during menstruation. Urinary tract infections (UTIs) and kidney stones can cause pain in the right lower abdomen, as can irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) or constipation. Less commonly, conditions such as appendicitis, particularly if the inflammation spreads, can present with pain in the right lower quadrant of the abdomen. If the pain is severe, persistent'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 2868, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Other potential causes include kidney stones, constipation, or hernias. In women, issues such as endometriosis or pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain. Proper diagnosis typically involves a physical examination, medical history review, and possibly imaging tests or blood work to determine the underlying cause.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. It may also stem from issues like constipation, which can lead to pressure on nearby structures. In women, conditions such as endometriosis or ovarian inflammation can contribute to right-sided pain. Additionally, conditions affecting the urinary system, like a urinary tract infection or kidney stones, can cause discomfort in this area. Proper diagnosis often requires a combination of medical history, physical examination, and possibly imaging tests to pinpoint the exact cause.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. Other potential causes include irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), constipation, and kidney stones. In women, conditions such as endometriosis and ovarian inflammation may also lead to right-sided pelvic pain. Less common causes include infections, tumors, or referred pain from the liver or gallbladder. Accurate diagnosis typically requires a medical history review, physical examination, and possibly imaging studies or lab tests.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strain, ligament sprain, or hernias. More serious causes might include appendicitis, where pain often starts around the navel and then moves to the lower right abdomen. Ovarian cysts, ovarian cancer, or endometriosis can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain in women. Additionally, issues like urinary tract infections (UTIs) or kidney stones may result in pain localized to the right side of the pelvis. Proper diagnosis requires evaluation by a healthcare professional who can consider the patient’s symptoms, medical history, and perform necessary tests.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by several factors. Common causes include muscle strain or injury, which often results from physical activities or sudden movements. Ovarian cysts and endometriosis are gynecological conditions that can also lead to right-sided pelvic pain, especially during menstruation. Urinary tract infections (UTIs) and kidney stones can cause pain in the right lower abdomen, as can irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) or constipation. Less commonly, conditions such as appendicitis, particularly if the inflammation spreads, can present with pain in the right lower quadrant of the abdomen. If the pain is severe, persistent'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 131843):
Original:     definition of a sigmet
Reformulated: definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather warning issued by meteorologists for aviation purposes. It alerts pilots to dangerous weather conditions such as severe thunderstorms, heavy icing, tornadoes, or volcanic ash clouds that could pose significant hazards during flight. SIGMETs help ensure the safety of aircraft and their passengers by providing timely information about these hazardous atmospheric phenomena.', 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather alert issued by aviation meteorologists. It provides important information about weather phenomena that could affect the safety of aircraft operations, such as severe turbulence, volcanic ash, thunderstorms, or severe icing. SIGMETs are distributed to pilots, air traffic controllers, and other aviation personnel via various communication channels to ensure they are aware of potential hazards and can take appropriate action to avoid hazardous conditions.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather alert issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about significant weather phenomena that could pose hazards to aircraft. These phenomena include severe thunderstorms, icing conditions, volcanic ash, tornadoes, and other weather events that can affect flight safety. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring the safe operation of aircraft by providing timely and accurate information to help pilots plan their routes and make informed decisions.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about potentially hazardous in-flight conditions that are expected to persist for at least one hour. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, icing, turbulence, volcanic ash, and significant weather phenomena that can pose serious risks to aircraft and require special caution or避风港策略。然而，为了提供一个更清晰、简洁且针对查询的英文答案，请参阅以下内容：\n\nSIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about potentially hazardous in-flight conditions, such as severe', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by meteorological services to alert pilots about significant meteorological conditions that could affect flight safety. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, wind shear, volcanic ash, and other hazardous weather phenomena that are not routinely discussed in routine weather broadcasts but pose a threat to aviation..SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring that pilots are aware of these hazards and can plan their flights accordingly to avoid potential risks.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 20, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 2695, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather warning issued by meteorologists for aviation purposes. It alerts pilots to dangerous weather conditions such as severe thunderstorms, heavy icing, tornadoes, or volcanic ash clouds that could pose significant hazards during flight. SIGMETs help ensure the safety of aircraft and their passengers by providing timely information about these hazardous atmospheric phenomena.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather alert issued by aviation meteorologists. It provides important information about weather phenomena that could affect the safety of aircraft operations, such as severe turbulence, volcanic ash, thunderstorms, or severe icing. SIGMETs are distributed to pilots, air traffic controllers, and other aviation personnel via various communication channels to ensure they are aware of potential hazards and can take appropriate action to avoid hazardous conditions.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather alert issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about significant weather phenomena that could pose hazards to aircraft. These phenomena include severe thunderstorms, icing conditions, volcanic ash, tornadoes, and other weather events that can affect flight safety. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring the safe operation of aircraft by providing timely and accurate information to help pilots plan their routes and make informed decisions.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about potentially hazardous in-flight conditions that are expected to persist for at least one hour. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, icing, turbulence, volcanic ash, and significant weather phenomena that can pose serious risks to aircraft and require special caution or避风港策略。然而，为了提供一个更清晰、简洁且针对查询的英文答案，请参阅以下内容：\n\nSIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about potentially hazardous in-flight conditions, such as severe', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by meteorological services to alert pilots about significant meteorological conditions that could affect flight safety. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, wind shear, volcanic ash, and other hazardous weather phenomena that are not routinely discussed in routine weather broadcasts but pose a threat to aviation..SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring that pilots are aware of these hazards and can plan their flights accordingly to avoid potential risks.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

