Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 915593):
Original:     what types of food can you cook sous vide
Reformulated: what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook sous vide what types of food can you cook ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sure, here's a concise and informative passage on the types of food that can be cooked sous vide:\n\nSous vide cooking is versatile and suitable for a wide range of foods. Meat such as beef, chicken, pork, and lamb can be perfectly cooked and tenderized. Seafood like fish, shrimp, and lobster retain their moisture and flavor exceptionally well. Vegetables, whether root vegetables or leafy greens, can be steamed to perfection without becoming mushy. Eggs, both whole and deviled, can achieve consistent results every time. Even complex dishes like soups, stews, and sauces can be prepared using this method,", 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and suitable for a wide range of foods. Commonly cooked items include meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon and trout), eggs, and vegetables. Vegetables retain their vibrant colors and textures when cooked sous vide, making them a popular choice. Meats benefit from precise temperature control, resulting in tender and evenly cooked cuts. Fish is particularly well-suited for this method, as it ensures flakiness without overcooking. Eggs can be perfectly poached or custardy, depending on the time and temperature. Cheeses and dairy products, such as custards and creams', 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and can be applied to a wide range of foods. You can cook meats like beef, chicken, and pork to precise temperatures for optimal tenderness and flavor. Seafood such as salmon, trout, shrimp, and scallops are also excellent candidates for sous vide cooking, as it helps to retain moisture and prevent overcooking. Vegetables like carrots, broccoli, and asparagus can be cooked this way to enhance their texture and nutrition. Eggs, particularly poached eggs, benefit from sous vide as they achieve a perfectly runny yolk every time. Additionally, dairy products like cheese can be melted and incorporated', 'Sous vide cooking can be used for a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), eggs, vegetables (including potatoes, carrots, and green beans), and even fruits and dairy products like cheese. This method allows for precise temperature control, resulting in evenly cooked and tender dishes.', 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), and vegetables (including potatoes, carrots, and green beans). Fruits, particularly berries and stone fruits, can also be cooked using this method for enhanced flavor. Eggs, whether boiled or poached, can be perfectly cooked using sous vide, ensuring a uniform texture throughout. Additionally, dairy products like yogurt and custards can be made with precise temperature control, resulting in smooth textures and consistent flavor profiles.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 2817, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sure, here's a concise and informative passage on the types of food that can be cooked sous vide:\n\nSous vide cooking is versatile and suitable for a wide range of foods. Meat such as beef, chicken, pork, and lamb can be perfectly cooked and tenderized. Seafood like fish, shrimp, and lobster retain their moisture and flavor exceptionally well. Vegetables, whether root vegetables or leafy greens, can be steamed to perfection without becoming mushy. Eggs, both whole and deviled, can achieve consistent results every time. Even complex dishes like soups, stews, and sauces can be prepared using this method,", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and suitable for a wide range of foods. Commonly cooked items include meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon and trout), eggs, and vegetables. Vegetables retain their vibrant colors and textures when cooked sous vide, making them a popular choice. Meats benefit from precise temperature control, resulting in tender and evenly cooked cuts. Fish is particularly well-suited for this method, as it ensures flakiness without overcooking. Eggs can be perfectly poached or custardy, depending on the time and temperature. Cheeses and dairy products, such as custards and creams', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sous vide cooking is versatile and can be applied to a wide range of foods. You can cook meats like beef, chicken, and pork to precise temperatures for optimal tenderness and flavor. Seafood such as salmon, trout, shrimp, and scallops are also excellent candidates for sous vide cooking, as it helps to retain moisture and prevent overcooking. Vegetables like carrots, broccoli, and asparagus can be cooked this way to enhance their texture and nutrition. Eggs, particularly poached eggs, benefit from sous vide as they achieve a perfectly runny yolk every time. Additionally, dairy products like cheese can be melted and incorporated', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sous vide cooking can be used for a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), eggs, vegetables (including potatoes, carrots, and green beans), and even fruits and dairy products like cheese. This method allows for precise temperature control, resulting in evenly cooked and tender dishes.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sous vide cooking can be applied to a wide variety of foods, including meats (such as steak, chicken, and pork), fish (like salmon, trout, and cod), and vegetables (including potatoes, carrots, and green beans). Fruits, particularly berries and stone fruits, can also be cooked using this method for enhanced flavor. Eggs, whether boiled or poached, can be perfectly cooked using sous vide, ensuring a uniform texture throughout. Additionally, dairy products like yogurt and custards can be made with precise temperature control, resulting in smooth textures and consistent flavor profiles.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 794429):
Original:     what is sculpture shape space
Reformulated: what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture shape space what is sculpture sh...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional forms and spatial configurations that sculptors manipulate to create artworks. This concept encompasses the physical volume and contours of a sculpture as well as its relationship with the surrounding space. Sculptures can occupy various shapes, from simple geometric forms like spheres and cubes to more complex organic shapes inspired by nature. The spatial dimensions—length, width, and height—define the sculpture's presence in the physical world. Additionally, the interaction between the solid form and the void (negative space) around it contributes to the overall aesthetic and conceptual impact of the artwork. Sculptors use these elements to explore themes, emotions", 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that manipulates shape and space to create tangible objects. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculpture, such as spheres, cubes, or organic forms. Space, in this context, encompasses both the positive space occupied by the sculpture itself and the negative space around and within it, which can be used to create depth and visual interest. Together, these elements allow sculptors to convey emotion, narrative, and concept through the physical manipulation of materials like stone, metal, clay, or wood.', 'Sculpture shape refers to the form or outline of a three-dimensional artwork, often defined by its external contours. Shape in sculpture can be geometric (like spheres, cubes, or pyramids) or organic (inspired by natural forms). Space in sculpture encompasses both positive and negative spaces. Positive space is occupied by the material of the sculpture itself, while negative space is the area around and between the forms, contributing to the overall composition and viewer interaction. Together, shape and space create the spatial dynamics and visual interest in a sculptural piece.', 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional form and spatial relationships within a sculptural piece. It encompasses the physical volume and surface of the artwork, as well as the voids or negative spaces around and within it. Artists manipulate these elements to create forms that can be experienced from multiple angles and perspectives. Shape space in sculpture can be organic, geometric, or abstract, influencing how light interacts with the piece and how viewers perceive its dimensions and presence in physical space.', 'Sculpture often explores the relationship between shape and space. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculptural object itself, which can range from geometric forms like cubes and spheres to more organic and fluid designs. Space, in this context, encompasses both the internal and external voids around and within the sculpture. Sculptors manipulate these elements to create depth, volume, and visual tension. By integrating negative space—voids or openings—with positive space—the solid form of the sculpture—the artist can enhance the work’s complexity and meaning, leading to a rich interplay between form and environment.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 29, 'docs_len': 3041, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional forms and spatial configurations that sculptors manipulate to create artworks. This concept encompasses the physical volume and contours of a sculpture as well as its relationship with the surrounding space. Sculptures can occupy various shapes, from simple geometric forms like spheres and cubes to more complex organic shapes inspired by nature. The spatial dimensions—length, width, and height—define the sculpture's presence in the physical world. Additionally, the interaction between the solid form and the void (negative space) around it contributes to the overall aesthetic and conceptual impact of the artwork. Sculptors use these elements to explore themes, emotions", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Sculpture is a three-dimensional art form that manipulates shape and space to create tangible objects. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculpture, such as spheres, cubes, or organic forms. Space, in this context, encompasses both the positive space occupied by the sculpture itself and the negative space around and within it, which can be used to create depth and visual interest. Together, these elements allow sculptors to convey emotion, narrative, and concept through the physical manipulation of materials like stone, metal, clay, or wood.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Sculpture shape refers to the form or outline of a three-dimensional artwork, often defined by its external contours. Shape in sculpture can be geometric (like spheres, cubes, or pyramids) or organic (inspired by natural forms). Space in sculpture encompasses both positive and negative spaces. Positive space is occupied by the material of the sculpture itself, while negative space is the area around and between the forms, contributing to the overall composition and viewer interaction. Together, shape and space create the spatial dynamics and visual interest in a sculptural piece.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Sculpture shape space refers to the three-dimensional form and spatial relationships within a sculptural piece. It encompasses the physical volume and surface of the artwork, as well as the voids or negative spaces around and within it. Artists manipulate these elements to create forms that can be experienced from multiple angles and perspectives. Shape space in sculpture can be organic, geometric, or abstract, influencing how light interacts with the piece and how viewers perceive its dimensions and presence in physical space.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Sculpture often explores the relationship between shape and space. Shape refers to the form or outline of the sculptural object itself, which can range from geometric forms like cubes and spheres to more organic and fluid designs. Space, in this context, encompasses both the internal and external voids around and within the sculpture. Sculptors manipulate these elements to create depth, volume, and visual tension. By integrating negative space—voids or openings—with positive space—the solid form of the sculpture—the artist can enhance the work’s complexity and meaning, leading to a rich interplay between form and environment.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 801118):
Original:     what is supplemental security income used for
Reformulated: what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is supplemental security income used for what is suppleme...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to aged, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used to cover a wide range of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Beneficiaries can use these benefits to help meet their basic living needs, ensuring they have access to necessary services and support.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a government program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals with low income and few resources. SSI funds can be used for a variety of essential needs, including food, clothing, shelter, and medical expenses. Beneficiaries can use these funds freely without needing to allocate them into specific categories. However, certain expenses like tobacco and alcohol are generally not covered by SSI benefits.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources to meet their essential needs. SSI benefits can be used to cover various necessities such as food, clothing, shelter, and medical expenses. Recipients can use the funds to pay for groceries, utilities, rent or mortgage, medication, and other essential living costs. However, SSI benefits cannot be used to purchase non-essential items like tobacco, alcohol, or luxury goods, as these are considered non-necessary expenditures.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to low-income individuals who are aged, blind, or disabled. SSI benefits can be used to cover a wide range of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Recipients can use these funds to help meet their basic living needs without risking a reduction in their overall benefit amount.', 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with limited income and resources who are aged, blind, or disabled. SSI funds can be used for a variety of essential expenses including food, clothing, shelter, and medical and dental care. Recipients can use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have the means to meet their most fundamental needs without additional stress.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 2352, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to aged, blind, or disabled individuals who have limited income and resources. SSI funds can be used to cover a wide range of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Beneficiaries can use these benefits to help meet their basic living needs, ensuring they have access to necessary services and support.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a government program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals with low income and few resources. SSI funds can be used for a variety of essential needs, including food, clothing, shelter, and medical expenses. Beneficiaries can use these funds freely without needing to allocate them into specific categories. However, certain expenses like tobacco and alcohol are generally not covered by SSI benefits.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to assist aged, blind, or disabled individuals with limited income and resources to meet their essential needs. SSI benefits can be used to cover various necessities such as food, clothing, shelter, and medical expenses. Recipients can use the funds to pay for groceries, utilities, rent or mortgage, medication, and other essential living costs. However, SSI benefits cannot be used to purchase non-essential items like tobacco, alcohol, or luxury goods, as these are considered non-necessary expenditures.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to low-income individuals who are aged, blind, or disabled. SSI benefits can be used to cover a wide range of expenses, including food, clothing, shelter, and essential medical and dental care. Recipients can use these funds to help meet their basic living needs without risking a reduction in their overall benefit amount.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Supplemental Security Income (SSI) is a federal program designed to provide financial assistance to individuals with limited income and resources who are aged, blind, or disabled. SSI funds can be used for a variety of essential expenses including food, clothing, shelter, and medical and dental care. Recipients can use these benefits to cover basic living costs, ensuring they have the means to meet their most fundamental needs without additional stress.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 190044):
Original:     foods to detox liver naturally
Reformulated: foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox liver naturally foods to detox...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants, fiber, and sulfur-containing compounds. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts, and berries like blueberries and strawberries. Garlic, onions, and leeks provide sulfur, which aids in liver detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as fatty fish (salmon, mackerel), flaxseeds, and chia seeds, supports liver health. Drinking plenty of water and consuming detoxifying herbs like milk thistle and turmeric can also help cleanse your liver.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients. Leafy greens like spinach and kale support liver function by promoting detoxification. Berries, especially blueberries and cranberries, contain anthocyanins that help protect liver cells. Cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts contain glucosinolates, which boost liver enzymes responsible for detoxification. Include citrus fruits like oranges and grapefruits, which provide vitamin C, essential for liver health. Nuts and seeds, particularly walnuts and flaxseeds, are high in healthy fats and antioxidants that support liver function. Additionally, drinking plenty', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants such as berries, leafy greens, and citrus fruits. Incorporate cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain sulfur compounds that help support liver function. Additionally, consume more fiber-rich foods like whole grains, oats, and psyllium to aid in flushing out toxins. Limit intake of processed foods and alcohol, as they can strain the liver. Consider adding turmeric and ginger to your diet, as these spices have anti-inflammatory properties that support liver health. Regularly drinking plenty of water also helps in cleansing the liver by promoting overall hydration and toxin elimination.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and sulfur-containing compounds. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts, and fruits like blueberries and pomegranates. Garlic and onions provide sulfur, which supports liver function. Additionally, include beets and artichokes, known for their detoxifying properties. Stay hydrated with plenty of water and consider herbal teas like dandelion root and milk thistle to further support liver health. Avoid processed foods and excessive alcohol to reduce liver strain.', 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and fiber in your diet. Berries, leafy greens, and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts help protect liver cells from damage. Garlic and onions contain sulfur compounds that support liver function. Include citrus fruits and their juices for vitamin C, which aids in liver detoxification. Avocados provide healthy fats that support liver health, while nuts and seeds offer essential nutrients and omega-3 fatty acids. Drinking plenty of water also helps the liver eliminate toxins efficiently.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3167, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants, fiber, and sulfur-containing compounds. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts, and berries like blueberries and strawberries. Garlic, onions, and leeks provide sulfur, which aids in liver detoxification. Additionally, consuming foods high in omega-3 fatty acids, such as fatty fish (salmon, mackerel), flaxseeds, and chia seeds, supports liver health. Drinking plenty of water and consuming detoxifying herbs like milk thistle and turmeric can also help cleanse your liver.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and nutrients. Leafy greens like spinach and kale support liver function by promoting detoxification. Berries, especially blueberries and cranberries, contain anthocyanins that help protect liver cells. Cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts contain glucosinolates, which boost liver enzymes responsible for detoxification. Include citrus fruits like oranges and grapefruits, which provide vitamin C, essential for liver health. Nuts and seeds, particularly walnuts and flaxseeds, are high in healthy fats and antioxidants that support liver function. Additionally, drinking plenty', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants such as berries, leafy greens, and citrus fruits. Incorporate cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and cauliflower, which contain sulfur compounds that help support liver function. Additionally, consume more fiber-rich foods like whole grains, oats, and psyllium to aid in flushing out toxins. Limit intake of processed foods and alcohol, as they can strain the liver. Consider adding turmeric and ginger to your diet, as these spices have anti-inflammatory properties that support liver health. Regularly drinking plenty of water also helps in cleansing the liver by promoting overall hydration and toxin elimination.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, incorporate foods rich in antioxidants and sulfur-containing compounds. Include leafy greens like spinach and kale, cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts, and fruits like blueberries and pomegranates. Garlic and onions provide sulfur, which supports liver function. Additionally, include beets and artichokes, known for their detoxifying properties. Stay hydrated with plenty of water and consider herbal teas like dandelion root and milk thistle to further support liver health. Avoid processed foods and excessive alcohol to reduce liver strain.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To naturally detoxify your liver, include foods rich in antioxidants and fiber in your diet. Berries, leafy greens, and cruciferous vegetables like broccoli and Brussels sprouts help protect liver cells from damage. Garlic and onions contain sulfur compounds that support liver function. Include citrus fruits and their juices for vitamin C, which aids in liver detoxification. Avocados provide healthy fats that support liver health, while nuts and seeds offer essential nutrients and omega-3 fatty acids. Drinking plenty of water also helps the liver eliminate toxins efficiently.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 451602):
Original:     medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation
Reformulated: medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare's definition of mechanical ventilation medicare...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Mechanical ventilation in Medicare is defined as the use of a breathing machine (ventilator) to assist or control a patient's breathing. This therapy is typically provided in hospitals and skilled nursing facilities. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part A (hospital insurance) if it is medically necessary and ordered by a physician. The coverage includes the equipment and services needed to operate the ventilator, as well as ongoing care for the patient while on the device.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This intervention is covered under Medicare when it is medically necessary for patients who cannot breathe adequately on their own due to various conditions such as respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or post-surgical needs. Medicare guidelines specify that mechanical ventilation must be administered in a certified medical setting, and coverage is typically subject to certification by a physician and continuous reassessment of the patient’s need for this service.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a machine to help patients breathe when they are unable to do so on their own. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator, which delivers air and oxygen into the lungs through a tube inserted into the airway. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation as a necessary medical treatment for conditions such as severe pneumonia, respiratory failure, or post-surgical recovery, provided it meets the program's criteria for necessity and medical appropriateness.", "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a breathing machine (ventilator) to help individuals breathe. This equipment supports or replaces a person's own breathing efforts by moving air in and out of the lungs through a tube connected to a respirator. Mechanical ventilation is often necessary for patients with severe respiratory failure, those recovering from certain surgeries, or those with conditions affecting their ability to breathe effectively.", "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a breathing machine (ventilator) to assist or control a patient's breathing. This therapy is covered under Medicare Part B when medically necessary for conditions such as respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or post-surgical recovery. Medicare evaluates the necessity of mechanical ventilation based on medical evidence and the patient's clinical condition, ensuring that it is appropriate and beneficial for the patient's treatment."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 47, 'docs_len': 2561, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare is defined as the use of a breathing machine (ventilator) to assist or control a patient's breathing. This therapy is typically provided in hospitals and skilled nursing facilities. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation under Part A (hospital insurance) if it is medically necessary and ordered by a physician. The coverage includes the equipment and services needed to operate the ventilator, as well as ongoing care for the patient while on the device.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a ventilator to assist or control a patient's breathing. This intervention is covered under Medicare when it is medically necessary for patients who cannot breathe adequately on their own due to various conditions such as respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or post-surgical needs. Medicare guidelines specify that mechanical ventilation must be administered in a certified medical setting, and coverage is typically subject to certification by a physician and continuous reassessment of the patient’s need for this service.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a machine to help patients breathe when they are unable to do so on their own. This process involves connecting the patient to a ventilator, which delivers air and oxygen into the lungs through a tube inserted into the airway. Medicare covers mechanical ventilation as a necessary medical treatment for conditions such as severe pneumonia, respiratory failure, or post-surgical recovery, provided it meets the program's criteria for necessity and medical appropriateness.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Medicare defines mechanical ventilation as the use of a breathing machine (ventilator) to help individuals breathe. This equipment supports or replaces a person's own breathing efforts by moving air in and out of the lungs through a tube connected to a respirator. Mechanical ventilation is often necessary for patients with severe respiratory failure, those recovering from certain surgeries, or those with conditions affecting their ability to breathe effectively.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Mechanical ventilation in Medicare refers to the use of a breathing machine (ventilator) to assist or control a patient's breathing. This therapy is covered under Medicare Part B when medically necessary for conditions such as respiratory failure, severe pneumonia, or post-surgical recovery. Medicare evaluates the necessity of mechanical ventilation based on medical evidence and the patient's clinical condition, ensuring that it is appropriate and beneficial for the patient's treatment."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 177604):
Original:     eating foods that are considered warm
Reformulated: eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foods that are considered warm eating foo...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Eating foods considered 'warm' is a practice often found in traditional Chinese medicine and other Eastern healing systems. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are believed to balance yin and yang energies within the body, promoting warmth and vitality. Warm foods are thought to enhance circulation, boost metabolism, and provide a comforting effect during colder seasons or when the body needs more energy.", 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, can help increase body temperature and promote sweating. These foods are believed to improve circulation, warm the body from within, and aid in fighting off colds and flu. Examples include spicy soups, warming teas like cinnamon tea, and dishes seasoned with warming spices.', 'Eating foods considered warm in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang energies within the body. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase internal heat and enhance digestion. Examples include warming soups like miso and broths made with warming spices, which are often consumed during colder months to boost metabolism and fight off cold symptoms.', 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang energies in the body. These foods, which include items like ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to generate internal heat and improve circulation. Common warm foods also include root vegetables such as carrots and sweet potatoes, which are often recommended during colder seasons or for those with cold-related health issues.', "Eating foods considered 'warm' in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and spicy peppers, can help boost your body's yang energy and improve circulation. These foods are believed to counteract coldness and enhance warmth within the body, making them ideal for consumption during colder months or when feeling chilly."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 37, 'docs_len': 1993, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Eating foods considered 'warm' is a practice often found in traditional Chinese medicine and other Eastern healing systems. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are believed to balance yin and yang energies within the body, promoting warmth and vitality. Warm foods are thought to enhance circulation, boost metabolism, and provide a comforting effect during colder seasons or when the body needs more energy.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, can help increase body temperature and promote sweating. These foods are believed to improve circulation, warm the body from within, and aid in fighting off colds and flu. Examples include spicy soups, warming teas like cinnamon tea, and dishes seasoned with warming spices.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Eating foods considered warm in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang energies within the body. These foods, such as ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to increase internal heat and enhance digestion. Examples include warming soups like miso and broths made with warming spices, which are often consumed during colder months to boost metabolism and fight off cold symptoms.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Eating foods considered "warm" in traditional Chinese medicine is believed to balance yin and yang energies in the body. These foods, which include items like ginger, garlic, and chili peppers, are thought to generate internal heat and improve circulation. Common warm foods also include root vegetables such as carrots and sweet potatoes, which are often recommended during colder seasons or for those with cold-related health issues.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Eating foods considered 'warm' in traditional Chinese medicine, such as ginger, garlic, and spicy peppers, can help boost your body's yang energy and improve circulation. These foods are believed to counteract coldness and enhance warmth within the body, making them ideal for consumption during colder months or when feeling chilly."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 966413):
Original:     where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement?
Reformulated: where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supplement? where are the benefits of cinnamon as a supp...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from bark, offers several potential health benefits when consumed as a supplement. It is rich in antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds, which may help reduce oxidative stress and inflammation in the body. Studies suggest that cinnamon can improve blood sugar control, making it beneficial for individuals with diabetes or those at risk. Additionally, it has been linked to reduced cholesterol levels and improved heart health. However, more research is needed to fully understand its effects and optimal dosages. Benefits vary among individuals, and it's advisable to consult a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen.", 'Cinnamon supplements offer various potential health benefits. They may help regulate blood sugar levels, improve cholesterol levels, and have anti-inflammatory properties. These supplements are often found in health food stores or online retailers. Cinnamon can also aid in weight management and possess antioxidant qualities, protecting cells from damage. For optimal results, consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen.', "Cinnamon can offer several health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These include improved blood sugar control, reduced inflammation, and potential anti-cancer effects. It may also enhance heart health by lowering cholesterol levels and improving blood pressure. Additionally, cinnamon has antioxidant properties that help protect cells from damage. When used as a dietary supplement, it is generally safe, but it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen, especially if you have underlying health conditions or are taking medications.", 'Cinnamon can offer various health benefits when used as a supplement. It is often praised for its anti-inflammatory properties, which may help reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon contains antioxidants that protect cells from damage caused by free radicals. Some studies suggest it may improve insulin sensitivity, aiding in blood sugar control. It also has antimicrobial effects, which can support oral health and overall immunity. However, more research is needed to fully understand its potential benefits and optimal dosage.', 'Cinnamon supplements offer various potential health benefits. They may help regulate blood sugar levels, reducing the risk of diabetes complications. Cinnamon also possesses anti-inflammatory properties, which can alleviate symptoms of arthritis. Additionally, it contains antioxidants that protect cells from damage by free radicals. These supplements might aid in cholesterol management, promoting heart health. However, further research is needed to fully understand and validate these benefits.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 51, 'docs_len': 2818, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Cinnamon, a popular spice derived from bark, offers several potential health benefits when consumed as a supplement. It is rich in antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds, which may help reduce oxidative stress and inflammation in the body. Studies suggest that cinnamon can improve blood sugar control, making it beneficial for individuals with diabetes or those at risk. Additionally, it has been linked to reduced cholesterol levels and improved heart health. However, more research is needed to fully understand its effects and optimal dosages. Benefits vary among individuals, and it's advisable to consult a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Cinnamon supplements offer various potential health benefits. They may help regulate blood sugar levels, improve cholesterol levels, and have anti-inflammatory properties. These supplements are often found in health food stores or online retailers. Cinnamon can also aid in weight management and possess antioxidant qualities, protecting cells from damage. For optimal results, consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Cinnamon can offer several health benefits when consumed as a supplement. These include improved blood sugar control, reduced inflammation, and potential anti-cancer effects. It may also enhance heart health by lowering cholesterol levels and improving blood pressure. Additionally, cinnamon has antioxidant properties that help protect cells from damage. When used as a dietary supplement, it is generally safe, but it's important to consult with a healthcare provider before starting any new supplement regimen, especially if you have underlying health conditions or are taking medications.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Cinnamon can offer various health benefits when used as a supplement. It is often praised for its anti-inflammatory properties, which may help reduce the risk of chronic diseases such as heart disease and diabetes. Additionally, cinnamon contains antioxidants that protect cells from damage caused by free radicals. Some studies suggest it may improve insulin sensitivity, aiding in blood sugar control. It also has antimicrobial effects, which can support oral health and overall immunity. However, more research is needed to fully understand its potential benefits and optimal dosage.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Cinnamon supplements offer various potential health benefits. They may help regulate blood sugar levels, reducing the risk of diabetes complications. Cinnamon also possesses anti-inflammatory properties, which can alleviate symptoms of arthritis. Additionally, it contains antioxidants that protect cells from damage by free radicals. These supplements might aid in cholesterol management, promoting heart health. However, further research is needed to fully understand and validate these benefits.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 588587):
Original:     what causes heavy metal toxins in your body
Reformulated: what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal toxins in your body what causes heavy metal ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources such as environmental exposure to pollutants like lead, mercury, and arsenic; contaminated food and water; and occupational hazards. These metals accumulate over time and can disrupt physiological functions by interfering with enzyme activities, damaging tissues, and causing oxidative stress. Common pathways for exposure include inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption. Regular detoxification practices, dietary modifications, and medical interventions can help manage heavy metal levels and mitigate their harmful effects.', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means such as environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and occupational hazards. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. Lead is often found in old paint and contaminated soil, while mercury can be ingested from certain fish or dental amalgams. Arsenic is present in some groundwater supplies, and cadmium can be absorbed from tobacco smoke and industrial emissions. These metals can cause significant health issues, including neurological damage, kidney dysfunction, and cardiovascular diseases, by disrupting normal physiological processes and binding to essential enzymes and proteins.', 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the human body through various means, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and occupational hazards. Common heavy metals such as lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can cause toxicity due to their accumulation over time. Lead, for instance, often enters the body through old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury can come from eating fish with high mercury content. Arsenic is frequently found in contaminated groundwater, and cadmium may enter the body through cigarette smoke or industrial pollution. These metals can disrupt normal bodily functions by interfering with enzymes and vital processes, leading to serious health issues if levels become too high', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated food and water, and exposure to chemicals in household products. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic can accumulate in organs and tissues over time, leading to toxicity. Factors including poor dietary choices, occupational exposure, and environmental contamination contribute to their presence. Detoxification methods include reducing exposure to these sources, consuming foods rich in chelating agents (like fruits and vegetables), and seeking medical intervention through chelation therapy if levels are dangerously high.', 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and occupational hazards. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. These metals can accumulate over time through repeated exposure, leading to health issues. Lead exposure often stems from old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury can enter the body through eating fish with high mercury levels. Occupational hazards, such as working in mining or battery manufacturing, also contribute to metal toxin accumulation. Additionally, improper disposal of electronic waste can release these metals into the environment, further exposing the population. Regular detoxification practices and limiting exposure to'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3411, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources such as environmental exposure to pollutants like lead, mercury, and arsenic; contaminated food and water; and occupational hazards. These metals accumulate over time and can disrupt physiological functions by interfering with enzyme activities, damaging tissues, and causing oxidative stress. Common pathways for exposure include inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption. Regular detoxification practices, dietary modifications, and medical interventions can help manage heavy metal levels and mitigate their harmful effects.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the body through various means such as environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and occupational hazards. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. Lead is often found in old paint and contaminated soil, while mercury can be ingested from certain fish or dental amalgams. Arsenic is present in some groundwater supplies, and cadmium can be absorbed from tobacco smoke and industrial emissions. These metals can cause significant health issues, including neurological damage, kidney dysfunction, and cardiovascular diseases, by disrupting normal physiological processes and binding to essential enzymes and proteins.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Heavy metal toxins can accumulate in the human body through various means, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and occupational hazards. Common heavy metals such as lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium can cause toxicity due to their accumulation over time. Lead, for instance, often enters the body through old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury can come from eating fish with high mercury content. Arsenic is frequently found in contaminated groundwater, and cadmium may enter the body through cigarette smoke or industrial pollution. These metals can disrupt normal bodily functions by interfering with enzymes and vital processes, leading to serious health issues if levels become too high', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can result from various sources such as industrial pollution, contaminated food and water, and exposure to chemicals in household products. Common heavy metals like lead, mercury, cadmium, and arsenic can accumulate in organs and tissues over time, leading to toxicity. Factors including poor dietary choices, occupational exposure, and environmental contamination contribute to their presence. Detoxification methods include reducing exposure to these sources, consuming foods rich in chelating agents (like fruits and vegetables), and seeking medical intervention through chelation therapy if levels are dangerously high.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Heavy metal toxins in the body can arise from various sources, including environmental exposure, contaminated food and water, and occupational hazards. Common culprits include lead, mercury, arsenic, and cadmium. These metals can accumulate over time through repeated exposure, leading to health issues. Lead exposure often stems from old paint or contaminated soil, while mercury can enter the body through eating fish with high mercury levels. Occupational hazards, such as working in mining or battery manufacturing, also contribute to metal toxin accumulation. Additionally, improper disposal of electronic waste can release these metals into the environment, further exposing the population. Regular detoxification practices and limiting exposure to'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1108939):
Original:     what slows down the flow of blood
Reformulated: what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of blood what slows down the flow of bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Factors such as high blood viscosity, narrowed blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and certain medical conditions like atherosclerosis can slow down the flow of blood through the circulatory system. High viscosity occurs when there is an increase in red blood cell count or the presence of abnormal proteins, making the blood thicker and more resistant to flow. Vasoconstriction, often caused by stress, cold temperatures, or certain medications, narrows blood vessels, reducing the space available for blood to flow. Atherosclerosis, a condition where plaque builds up in arteries, also restricts blood flow due to the narrowing and hardening of blood vessel walls.', 'Factors such as high blood viscosity, narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and the presence of blood clots can slow down the flow of blood through the circulatory system. High viscosity occurs when there is an increase in the number of red blood cells or the presence of abnormal blood cells, which makes the blood thicker and harder to pump. Vasoconstriction, often triggered by substances like adrenaline or certain medications, causes blood vessels to narrow, reducing the space available for blood flow. Blood clots obstruct the流通受阻，导致血液流动减慢。这些因素共同作用，影响血液循环效率。', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include vasoconstriction, which narrows blood vessels; increased blood viscosity due to higher levels of certain proteins or red blood cells; and blockages caused by blood clots or plaque buildup in arteries. Additionally, conditions such as heart failure or hypovolemia (low blood volume) can also reduce blood flow efficiency.', 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include increased blood viscosity (thickness), narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and blockages caused by clots or plaque. Additionally, certain medical conditions such as atherosclerosis and heart failure can impede blood flow by reducing the elasticity and function of blood vessels and the heart, respectively.', 'Blood flow can be slowed down by several factors, including the viscosity of the blood, the presence of blood clots, or constriction of blood vessels. Increased blood viscosity, often due to higher levels of red blood cells or certain proteins, makes it more difficult for blood to flow smoothly through the circulatory system. Blood clots can block blood vessels, impeding the flow. Additionally, conditions like atherosclerosis, which involves the buildup of plaque in arteries, can narrow blood vessel diameters, thereby reducing blood flow efficiency.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 33, 'docs_len': 2560, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Factors such as high blood viscosity, narrowed blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and certain medical conditions like atherosclerosis can slow down the flow of blood through the circulatory system. High viscosity occurs when there is an increase in red blood cell count or the presence of abnormal proteins, making the blood thicker and more resistant to flow. Vasoconstriction, often caused by stress, cold temperatures, or certain medications, narrows blood vessels, reducing the space available for blood to flow. Atherosclerosis, a condition where plaque builds up in arteries, also restricts blood flow due to the narrowing and hardening of blood vessel walls.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Factors such as high blood viscosity, narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and the presence of blood clots can slow down the flow of blood through the circulatory system. High viscosity occurs when there is an increase in the number of red blood cells or the presence of abnormal blood cells, which makes the blood thicker and harder to pump. Vasoconstriction, often triggered by substances like adrenaline or certain medications, causes blood vessels to narrow, reducing the space available for blood flow. Blood clots obstruct the流通受阻，导致血液流动减慢。这些因素共同作用，影响血液循环效率。', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include vasoconstriction, which narrows blood vessels; increased blood viscosity due to higher levels of certain proteins or red blood cells; and blockages caused by blood clots or plaque buildup in arteries. Additionally, conditions such as heart failure or hypovolemia (low blood volume) can also reduce blood flow efficiency.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Several factors can slow down the flow of blood. These include increased blood viscosity (thickness), narrowing of blood vessels (vasoconstriction), and blockages caused by clots or plaque. Additionally, certain medical conditions such as atherosclerosis and heart failure can impede blood flow by reducing the elasticity and function of blood vessels and the heart, respectively.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Blood flow can be slowed down by several factors, including the viscosity of the blood, the presence of blood clots, or constriction of blood vessels. Increased blood viscosity, often due to higher levels of red blood cells or certain proteins, makes it more difficult for blood to flow smoothly through the circulatory system. Blood clots can block blood vessels, impeding the flow. Additionally, conditions like atherosclerosis, which involves the buildup of plaque in arteries, can narrow blood vessel diameters, thereby reducing blood flow efficiency.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 507445):
Original:     symptoms of different types of brain bleeds
Reformulated: symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different types of brain bleeds symptoms of different ty...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages typically present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and confusion. Subarachnoid hemorrhages often cause a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and sometimes a warning symptom known as a "mild aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage" or SAH headache. Cerebral infarcts caused by a bleed into brain tissue may result in weakness or numbness on one side of the body, difficulty speaking', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary based on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages (bleeding within the brain tissue) often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, confusion, and weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages (bleeding between the brain and the tissues covering it) are marked by a sudden, extremely severe headache ("the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and possible loss of consciousness. Cerebellar hemorrhages (bleeding in the back part of the brain) cause dizziness,', 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, difficulty speaking, and loss of balance. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, typically caused by ruptured aneurysms, may lead to a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and seizures. Symptoms of a subdural hematoma include headache, confusion, drowsiness, and in more severe cases,', 'Brain bleeds can manifest in various forms, each associated with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) involves bleeding within the brain tissue and often presents with sudden, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, trouble speaking, or altered mental state. Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), involving bleeding into the space between the brain and the skull, typically causes a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," followed by stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and confusion. Diffuse axonal injury (DAI', 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages typically cause sudden severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages often present with a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," stiffness in the neck, and sensitivity to light. Cerebellar hemorrhages may result in dizziness, loss of balance and coordination, and severe headaches. Symptoms can also include confusion, seizures, and loss of consciousness in more serious cases. Prompt medical attention is'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 3059, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages typically present with sudden severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and confusion. Subarachnoid hemorrhages often cause a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and sometimes a warning symptom known as a "mild aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage" or SAH headache. Cerebral infarcts caused by a bleed into brain tissue may result in weakness or numbness on one side of the body, difficulty speaking', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary based on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages (bleeding within the brain tissue) often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, confusion, and weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages (bleeding between the brain and the tissues covering it) are marked by a sudden, extremely severe headache ("the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and possible loss of consciousness. Cerebellar hemorrhages (bleeding in the back part of the brain) cause dizziness,', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Brain bleeds can manifest with various symptoms depending on their type and location. Intracerebral hemorrhages often present with sudden, severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, difficulty speaking, and loss of balance. Subarachnoid hemorrhages, typically caused by ruptured aneurysms, may lead to a sudden, intense headache (often described as "the worst headache of my life"), stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and seizures. Symptoms of a subdural hematoma include headache, confusion, drowsiness, and in more severe cases,', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Brain bleeds can manifest in various forms, each associated with distinct symptoms. An intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) involves bleeding within the brain tissue and often presents with sudden, severe headache, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body, trouble speaking, or altered mental state. Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), involving bleeding into the space between the brain and the skull, typically causes a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," followed by stiff neck, sensitivity to light, and confusion. Diffuse axonal injury (DAI', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Symptoms of different types of brain bleeds can vary depending on the location and severity. Intracerebral hemorrhages typically cause sudden severe headaches, nausea, vomiting, and neurological deficits such as weakness or numbness on one side of the body. Subarachnoid hemorrhages often present with a sudden, intense headache described as "the worst headache of my life," stiffness in the neck, and sensitivity to light. Cerebellar hemorrhages may result in dizziness, loss of balance and coordination, and severe headaches. Symptoms can also include confusion, seizures, and loss of consciousness in more serious cases. Prompt medical attention is'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

