Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 264014):
Original:     how long is life cycle of flea
Reformulated: how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is li...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 30 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs hatch into larvae within 5 to 10 days, which then develop into pupae over the next 5 to 14 days. The adult flea emerges from the pupae within 5 to 21 days, completing the cycle. Environmental factors such as temperature and humidity can influence the duration of each stage.', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches of 20-50 by an adult female and typically hatch within 2-10 days. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in dark, protected areas like carpets or soil for about 5-14 days before spinning cocoons. Inside these cocoons, fleas enter the pupal stage, which lasts anywhere from 5 days to several months depending on environmental conditions. Once fully developed, adult fleas emerge from the pupae and seek a blood meal to reproduce, completing', 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs hatch within 2-5 days, and larvae emerge, feeding on organic matter for about 6-12 days. Next, they enter the pupal stage, which lasts from 5 days to several months depending on environmental conditions. Adult fleas emerge after 5-10 days in favorable conditions. The entire lifecycle typically takes 2-3 weeks, but can extend up to a year under less favorable conditions.', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult females, usually within a day of mating, and can number up to 50 per day. These eggs hatch into larvae after 5 to 15 days. Larvae then develop for 5 to 15 days before forming cocoons, entering the pupal stage. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae in 5 to 22 days, completing the cycle. Environmental factors such as temperature and humidity', 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. This cycle includes four distinct stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult female fleas, usually within 30 minutes after a blood meal. These eggs hatch into larvae within 5 to 10 days, which then develop over 7 to 14 days before entering the pupal stage. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae within 5 to 21 days, depending on environmental factors.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2379, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 30 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs hatch into larvae within 5 to 10 days, which then develop into pupae over the next 5 to 14 days. The adult flea emerges from the pupae within 5 to 21 days, completing the cycle. Environmental factors such as temperature and humidity can influence the duration of each stage.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid in batches of 20-50 by an adult female and typically hatch within 2-10 days. Larvae emerge from the eggs and live in dark, protected areas like carpets or soil for about 5-14 days before spinning cocoons. Inside these cocoons, fleas enter the pupal stage, which lasts anywhere from 5 days to several months depending on environmental conditions. Once fully developed, adult fleas emerge from the pupae and seek a blood meal to reproduce, completing', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The life cycle of a flea consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs hatch within 2-5 days, and larvae emerge, feeding on organic matter for about 6-12 days. Next, they enter the pupal stage, which lasts from 5 days to several months depending on environmental conditions. Adult fleas emerge after 5-10 days in favorable conditions. The entire lifecycle typically takes 2-3 weeks, but can extend up to a year under less favorable conditions.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult females, usually within a day of mating, and can number up to 50 per day. These eggs hatch into larvae after 5 to 15 days. Larvae then develop for 5 to 15 days before forming cocoons, entering the pupal stage. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae in 5 to 22 days, completing the cycle. Environmental factors such as temperature and humidity', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The life cycle of a flea typically lasts about 21 to 35 days under optimal conditions. This cycle includes four distinct stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs are laid by adult female fleas, usually within 30 minutes after a blood meal. These eggs hatch into larvae within 5 to 10 days, which then develop over 7 to 14 days before entering the pupal stage. Adult fleas emerge from the pupae within 5 to 21 days, depending on environmental factors.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 104861):
Original:     cost of interior concrete flooring
Reformulated: cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly based on several factors including the size of the area, the quality of materials used, and the complexity of the design. Typically, basic polished or stamped concrete flooring starts at around $3 to $5 per square foot, while more premium finishes such as color staining, texture application, and epoxy coatings can range from $6 to $15 per square foot. Labor costs, which often constitute a significant portion of the total expense, can add another $2 to $4 per square foot. Additionally, any special installation techniques or additional materials will increase the overall cost. It's advisable to get multiple", "The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors including the quality of materials used, the complexity of the design, and the size of the area to be covered. Typically, basic polished concrete finishes start at around $2 to $4 per square foot, while more decorative options like stamped or colored concrete can range from $4 to $8 per square foot. Additionally, labor costs and any specialized equipment needed for specific designs will also contribute to the overall cost. It's advisable to get quotes from multiple contractors to ensure you receive a comprehensive price estimate.", "The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the quality of materials, thickness of the slab, design complexity, and local labor rates. Typically, the base cost per square foot ranges from $3 to $8 for a basic polished concrete floor, while more elaborate finishes such as stamped or stained designs can increase the cost to between $10 and $25 per square foot. Additionally, any custom work, sealants, and maintenance services will add to the overall expense. It's advisable to get multiple quotes from reputable contractors to ensure an accurate estimate.", 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the type of concrete used, finishing techniques, and labor costs. Typically, the base cost for concrete flooring ranges from $2 to $8 per square foot, but this can increase significantly with added features such as polished finishes, epoxy coatings, or decorative aggregates, which can bring the total cost to between $5 and $15 per square foot or more. Additionally, installation labor adds to the overall expense, often ranging from $3 to $6 per square foot. Total costs also depend on the size of the area being renovated and any existing conditions that may require additional preparation', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the type of concrete used, surface preparation, finishing techniques, and regional labor costs. Typically, the basic installation of plain concrete floors can range from $2 to $5 per square foot, while polished or stained concrete floors can cost between $5 and $15 per square foot. Luxury finishes such as seamless concrete or epoxy coatings may increase the cost to $15 to $30 or more per square foot. Additionally, consider adding $1 to $2 per square foot for sealants and $0.50 to $1 per square foot for curing compounds. Acc'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 15, 'query_len': 34, 'docs_len': 3166, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary significantly based on several factors including the size of the area, the quality of materials used, and the complexity of the design. Typically, basic polished or stamped concrete flooring starts at around $3 to $5 per square foot, while more premium finishes such as color staining, texture application, and epoxy coatings can range from $6 to $15 per square foot. Labor costs, which often constitute a significant portion of the total expense, can add another $2 to $4 per square foot. Additionally, any special installation techniques or additional materials will increase the overall cost. It's advisable to get multiple", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors including the quality of materials used, the complexity of the design, and the size of the area to be covered. Typically, basic polished concrete finishes start at around $2 to $4 per square foot, while more decorative options like stamped or colored concrete can range from $4 to $8 per square foot. Additionally, labor costs and any specialized equipment needed for specific designs will also contribute to the overall cost. It's advisable to get quotes from multiple contractors to ensure you receive a comprehensive price estimate.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the quality of materials, thickness of the slab, design complexity, and local labor rates. Typically, the base cost per square foot ranges from $3 to $8 for a basic polished concrete floor, while more elaborate finishes such as stamped or stained designs can increase the cost to between $10 and $25 per square foot. Additionally, any custom work, sealants, and maintenance services will add to the overall expense. It's advisable to get multiple quotes from reputable contractors to ensure an accurate estimate.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies based on several factors, including the type of concrete used, finishing techniques, and labor costs. Typically, the base cost for concrete flooring ranges from $2 to $8 per square foot, but this can increase significantly with added features such as polished finishes, epoxy coatings, or decorative aggregates, which can bring the total cost to between $5 and $15 per square foot or more. Additionally, installation labor adds to the overall expense, often ranging from $3 to $6 per square foot. Total costs also depend on the size of the area being renovated and any existing conditions that may require additional preparation', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring varies depending on several factors including the type of concrete used, surface preparation, finishing techniques, and regional labor costs. Typically, the basic installation of plain concrete floors can range from $2 to $5 per square foot, while polished or stained concrete floors can cost between $5 and $15 per square foot. Luxury finishes such as seamless concrete or epoxy coatings may increase the cost to $15 to $30 or more per square foot. Additionally, consider adding $1 to $2 per square foot for sealants and $0.50 to $1 per square foot for curing compounds. Acc'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 130510):
Original:     definition declaratory judgment
Reformulated: definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definiti...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or status of parties without ordering any action or providing a formal relief. It clarifies existing rights or legal relations between the parties involved, providing certainty and avoiding potential future disputes. This type of judgment is typically sought when there is uncertainty about the application of laws to specific situations, allowing the parties to resolve their legal issues before taking further action.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy in which a court formally interprets and declares the rights, duties, or obligations of parties without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment is used to settle disputes and provide clarity on legal issues, helping parties understand their legal positions without the need for further litigation.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or obligations of parties without deciding a dispute over actual harm. This judicial interpretation clarifies legal relationships and avoids potential future conflicts. Declaratory judgments are often used in situations where parties seek clarification on the meaning of laws, contracts, or other legal documents, ensuring they can act with certainty in their legal dealings.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to make a formal determination or interpretation of an abstract question of law or fact without necessarily awarding monetary damages. This judicial declaration clarifies the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties involved, providing a definitive answer that can prevent future disputes. Typically sought in situations where there is uncertainty or disagreement about the application of laws or regulations, declaratory judgments help resolve potential conflicts before they escalate into full-fledged litigation.', 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to formally interpret or declare the rights, duties, and obligations of parties without necessarily resolving any actual dispute. This type of judgment clarifies the legal relationship between the parties involved and helps prevent potential future conflicts by providing a definitive interpretation of the law as it applies to their situation.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 12, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 2307, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or status of parties without ordering any action or providing a formal relief. It clarifies existing rights or legal relations between the parties involved, providing certainty and avoiding potential future disputes. This type of judgment is typically sought when there is uncertainty about the application of laws to specific situations, allowing the parties to resolve their legal issues before taking further action.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy in which a court formally interprets and declares the rights, duties, or obligations of parties without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment is used to settle disputes and provide clarity on legal issues, helping parties understand their legal positions without the need for further litigation.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy where a court determines the rights, duties, or obligations of parties without deciding a dispute over actual harm. This judicial interpretation clarifies legal relationships and avoids potential future conflicts. Declaratory judgments are often used in situations where parties seek clarification on the meaning of laws, contracts, or other legal documents, ensuring they can act with certainty in their legal dealings.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to make a formal determination or interpretation of an abstract question of law or fact without necessarily awarding monetary damages. This judicial declaration clarifies the rights, duties, and obligations of the parties involved, providing a definitive answer that can prevent future disputes. Typically sought in situations where there is uncertainty or disagreement about the application of laws or regulations, declaratory judgments help resolve potential conflicts before they escalate into full-fledged litigation.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A declaratory judgment is a legal remedy that allows a court to formally interpret or declare the rights, duties, and obligations of parties without necessarily resolving any actual dispute. This type of judgment clarifies the legal relationship between the parties involved and helps prevent potential future conflicts by providing a definitive interpretation of the law as it applies to their situation.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1114819):
Original:     what is durable medical equipment consist of
Reformulated: what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that patients use at home under the direction of a healthcare provider. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, hospital beds, walkers, and blood glucose monitors. These items are designed to last for an extended period and are typically covered by insurance when prescribed for ongoing medical needs.', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in a home or clinical setting. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, walkers, and blood glucose monitors. These devices are typically covered by health insurance and require a prescription from a healthcare provider. DME is crucial for patients with chronic conditions, disabilities, or temporary illnesses who need assistance with mobility, breathing, or other medical needs.', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, and nebulizers. These items are typically covered by health insurance and must meet specific durability and safety standards set by regulatory bodies such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).', "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies designed for long-term use in patients' homes or healthcare settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, nebulizers, and walkers. These devices are typically covered by health insurance and Medicare, provided they meet specific criteria for necessity and appropriateness. DME must be medically necessary and used under the supervision of a healthcare provider to be classified as such.", 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home healthcare settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, and blood glucose monitors. These items are typically covered by insurance if they are medically necessary and prescribed by a healthcare provider. DME is designed for repeated use and is usually more expensive than disposable medical supplies.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 2197, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that patients use at home under the direction of a healthcare provider. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, hospital beds, walkers, and blood glucose monitors. These items are designed to last for an extended period and are typically covered by insurance when prescribed for ongoing medical needs.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies that are designed for long-term use in a home or clinical setting. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, walkers, and blood glucose monitors. These devices are typically covered by health insurance and require a prescription from a healthcare provider. DME is crucial for patients with chronic conditions, disabilities, or temporary illnesses who need assistance with mobility, breathing, or other medical needs.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen concentrators, hospital beds, and nebulizers. These items are typically covered by health insurance and must meet specific durability and safety standards set by regulatory bodies such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of reusable medical supplies designed for long-term use in patients' homes or healthcare settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, oxygen tanks, hospital beds, nebulizers, and walkers. These devices are typically covered by health insurance and Medicare, provided they meet specific criteria for necessity and appropriateness. DME must be medically necessary and used under the supervision of a healthcare provider to be classified as such.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of long-lasting medical supplies used in home healthcare settings. Common examples include wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, nebulizers, and blood glucose monitors. These items are typically covered by insurance if they are medically necessary and prescribed by a healthcare provider. DME is designed for repeated use and is usually more expensive than disposable medical supplies.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1110199):
Original:     what is wifi vs bluetooth
Reformulated: what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they operate differently and have distinct use cases. WiFi, short for Wireless Fidelity, is designed for high-speed data transfer over longer distances, typically within a home or office network. It operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands and can support multiple devices simultaneously, making it ideal for internet connectivity and streaming media.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth is a wireless technology designed for short-range, low-power device-to-device communication. It operates at lower frequencies (usually 2.4 GHz) and supports data rates up to 24 Mbps. Bluetooth', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for transmitting data over short distances, but they serve different purposes and operate on different frequencies. WiFi operates on 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, enabling high-speed internet and network connectivity over larger areas such as homes or offices. It is ideal for devices needing a stable, fast connection to share files, stream media, or connect to the internet. On the other hand, Bluetooth works on the 2.4 GHz band and provides a lower data rate but greater energy efficiency. It is primarily used for wireless communication between portable devices like smartphones, headsets, and speakers, facilitating shorter', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and operate at different frequencies. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands and is designed for high-speed internet and large-scale network connectivity, enabling devices to connect to the internet and share data over short to medium distances. On the other hand, Bluetooth works in the 2.4 GHz band and is optimized for low-power, short-range wireless communication between devices like smartphones, headsets, and speakers, providing a more energy-efficient connection ideal for transferring small files or streaming audio.', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they differ in range, speed, and intended use. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, offering faster speeds and longer ranges, typically up to several hundred feet indoors. It is commonly used for connecting devices to the internet through access points or routers. On the other hand, Bluetooth operates in the 2.4 GHz band and provides shorter-range, lower-power connections, ideal for devices like smartphones, headphones, and speakers within a few dozen feet of each other. While WiFi is better suited for high-speed data transfer and internet connectivity,', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they operate differently and serve distinct purposes. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and large-scale device networking over short to medium distances (up to 100 meters). It uses radio waves in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands to connect devices to the internet or to each other, making it ideal for home networks, offices, and public hotspots.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, is optimized for low-power, short-range (up to 10 meters) communication between devices like smartphones, headphones, and wearables. It operates in'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 22, 'query_len': 25, 'docs_len': 3300, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they operate differently and have distinct use cases. WiFi, short for Wireless Fidelity, is designed for high-speed data transfer over longer distances, typically within a home or office network. It operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands and can support multiple devices simultaneously, making it ideal for internet connectivity and streaming media.\n\nOn the other hand, Bluetooth is a wireless technology designed for short-range, low-power device-to-device communication. It operates at lower frequencies (usually 2.4 GHz) and supports data rates up to 24 Mbps. Bluetooth', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for transmitting data over short distances, but they serve different purposes and operate on different frequencies. WiFi operates on 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, enabling high-speed internet and network connectivity over larger areas such as homes or offices. It is ideal for devices needing a stable, fast connection to share files, stream media, or connect to the internet. On the other hand, Bluetooth works on the 2.4 GHz band and provides a lower data rate but greater energy efficiency. It is primarily used for wireless communication between portable devices like smartphones, headsets, and speakers, facilitating shorter', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they serve different purposes and operate at different frequencies. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands and is designed for high-speed internet and large-scale network connectivity, enabling devices to connect to the internet and share data over short to medium distances. On the other hand, Bluetooth works in the 2.4 GHz band and is optimized for low-power, short-range wireless communication between devices like smartphones, headsets, and speakers, providing a more energy-efficient connection ideal for transferring small files or streaming audio.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they differ in range, speed, and intended use. WiFi operates in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands, offering faster speeds and longer ranges, typically up to several hundred feet indoors. It is commonly used for connecting devices to the internet through access points or routers. On the other hand, Bluetooth operates in the 2.4 GHz band and provides shorter-range, lower-power connections, ideal for devices like smartphones, headphones, and speakers within a few dozen feet of each other. While WiFi is better suited for high-speed data transfer and internet connectivity,', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are both wireless technologies used for data transmission, but they operate differently and serve distinct purposes. WiFi is primarily designed for high-speed internet and large-scale device networking over short to medium distances (up to 100 meters). It uses radio waves in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands to connect devices to the internet or to each other, making it ideal for home networks, offices, and public hotspots.\n\nBluetooth, on the other hand, is optimized for low-power, short-range (up to 10 meters) communication between devices like smartphones, headphones, and wearables. It operates in'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1129237):
Original:     hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature
Reformulated: hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature Hydrogen transitions fro...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is just 20.3 Kelvin above absolute zero.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.26 Kelvin), which is just 24.3 degrees above absolute zero.', 'Hydrogen transitions into a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87°C (20.26 K). This occurs when hydrogen is cooled to near absolute zero, its boiling point under standard atmospheric pressure.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at its boiling point, which occurs at -252.87°C (24.26 K). Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.', 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when cooled to -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is very close to absolute zero. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 1068, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is just 20.3 Kelvin above absolute zero.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87 degrees Celsius (20.26 Kelvin), which is just 24.3 degrees above absolute zero.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hydrogen transitions into a liquid state at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below -252.87°C (20.26 K). This occurs when hydrogen is cooled to near absolute zero, its boiling point under standard atmospheric pressure.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at its boiling point, which occurs at -252.87°C (24.26 K). Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid at extremely low temperatures. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when cooled to -252.87°C (-423.17°F), which is very close to absolute zero. Below this temperature, hydrogen exists in its liquid state.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 573724):
Original:     what are the social determinants of health
Reformulated: what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, healthcare access and quality, neighborhood and built environment, and social and community context. For instance, individuals living in areas with high levels of pollution or poor housing conditions may face more health risks than those in cleaner, safer environments. Similarly, limited access to healthy food options and recreational facilities can exacerbate issues like obesity and mental health problems. Economic stability also plays a crucial role; financial strain can lead to stress, poor nutrition, and inadequate healthcare, all', "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the non-medical factors that influence an individual's well-being. These include factors such as income and education level, housing stability, access to nutritious food, safe neighborhoods, and quality healthcare services. SDOH play a crucial role in shaping health outcomes, with those from disadvantaged backgrounds more likely to experience poor health due to systemic inequalities and limited access to resources. Addressing these determinants through policy changes and community interventions can help improve overall population health and reduce health disparities.", "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the broader societal factors that influence an individual's health outcomes. These include factors such as income and education level, housing stability, access to healthy food, and safe environments. For instance, individuals with higher education and income tend to have better health outcomes due to greater access to healthcare services and healthier lifestyle options. Similarly, stable housing and safe neighborhoods contribute to mental and physical well-being by reducing stress and exposure to hazards. Other key SDOH include social support networks, employment opportunities, and discrimination based on race, gender, or sexual orientation. Addressing these determinants is crucial for improving public", 'Social determinants of health refer to the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, employment opportunities, social and community context, and healthcare access and quality. For instance, poverty limits access to nutritious food and safe housing, while poor educational resources can hinder job prospects and overall well-being. Social support networks and safety in communities also play crucial roles. These determinants interact with individual behaviors and biological factors to influence health outcomes, emphasizing the importance of addressing broader societal issues to improve public health.', 'Social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds often face barriers such as inadequate nutrition, unsafe housing, and limited access to healthcare, which can lead to poorer health outcomes. Education levels also play a critical role; higher education correlates with better health behaviors and life expectancy. Employment conditions, including job security and working environments, affect physical and mental well-being. Housing stability ensures safe and sanitary living conditions, which are essential for maintaining good health. Collectively'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 3555, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, healthcare access and quality, neighborhood and built environment, and social and community context. For instance, individuals living in areas with high levels of pollution or poor housing conditions may face more health risks than those in cleaner, safer environments. Similarly, limited access to healthy food options and recreational facilities can exacerbate issues like obesity and mental health problems. Economic stability also plays a crucial role; financial strain can lead to stress, poor nutrition, and inadequate healthcare, all', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the non-medical factors that influence an individual's well-being. These include factors such as income and education level, housing stability, access to nutritious food, safe neighborhoods, and quality healthcare services. SDOH play a crucial role in shaping health outcomes, with those from disadvantaged backgrounds more likely to experience poor health due to systemic inequalities and limited access to resources. Addressing these determinants through policy changes and community interventions can help improve overall population health and reduce health disparities.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the broader societal factors that influence an individual's health outcomes. These include factors such as income and education level, housing stability, access to healthy food, and safe environments. For instance, individuals with higher education and income tend to have better health outcomes due to greater access to healthcare services and healthier lifestyle options. Similarly, stable housing and safe neighborhoods contribute to mental and physical well-being by reducing stress and exposure to hazards. Other key SDOH include social support networks, employment opportunities, and discrimination based on race, gender, or sexual orientation. Addressing these determinants is crucial for improving public", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Social determinants of health refer to the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include economic stability, education access and quality, employment opportunities, social and community context, and healthcare access and quality. For instance, poverty limits access to nutritious food and safe housing, while poor educational resources can hinder job prospects and overall well-being. Social support networks and safety in communities also play crucial roles. These determinants interact with individual behaviors and biological factors to influence health outcomes, emphasizing the importance of addressing broader societal issues to improve public health.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds often face barriers such as inadequate nutrition, unsafe housing, and limited access to healthcare, which can lead to poorer health outcomes. Education levels also play a critical role; higher education correlates with better health behaviors and life expectancy. Employment conditions, including job security and working environments, affect physical and mental well-being. Housing stability ensures safe and sanitary living conditions, which are essential for maintaining good health. Collectively'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1121709):
Original:     what are the three percenters?
Reformulated: what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the t...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose coalition of far-right American militia groups. The name originates from the belief that only 3% of Americans truly support the Constitution and are willing to defend it against both internal and external threats. These groups often focus on Second Amendment rights, anti-government sentiment, and conspiracy theories regarding government corruption and conspiracies. While not a single organized entity, they share a common ideology and frequently participate in training exercises, paramilitary drills, and sometimes engage in activism or protests to voice their political views.', 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose association of militia groups in the United States. They claim to represent the majority (3%) of Americans who are not part of the federal government or major political parties. This group often aligns with conservative ideologies and has been associated with anti-government sentiment, particularly regarding issues such as gun rights, taxes, and federal overreach. Membership and organizational structure vary widely, as the group is more of a loose coalition rather than a formal organization.', 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to an amorphous and diverse right-wing extremist movement in the United States. This group claims to represent the minority of Americans who are "truth-seeking, liberty-loving, and patriotically oriented." Originating in the 1990s, the Three Percenters have no centralized leadership or formal structure but share a general ideology rooted in white nationalism, anti-government sentiments, and resistance to what they perceive as government tyranny. They often participate in militia groups and have been associated with various conspiracy theories and violent incidents.', 'The "Three Percenters" is a loosely organized paramilitary group in the United States that emerged in the early 2000s. Members identify with the percentage referenced by former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt, who once said, "I would rather have the vote of the three percent who are really interested and understand the problems than the 97 percent who only think about taxes and sex scandals." The group generally opposes federal government overreach and supports the Second Amendment. However, it\'s important to note that the organization is not officially recognized and its membership and activities can vary widely.', 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to an amorphous collection of right-wing militia groups in the United States. The name comes from a quote by Ron Paul, who stated that "in any society, there will always be three percent who are leaders," and it was adopted by groups that oppose government authority and advocate for Second Amendment rights. These groups often engage in training exercises, paramilitary drills, and stockpiling of weapons, viewing themselves as prepared for potential civil unrest or government collapse.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2913, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to a loose coalition of far-right American militia groups. The name originates from the belief that only 3% of Americans truly support the Constitution and are willing to defend it against both internal and external threats. These groups often focus on Second Amendment rights, anti-government sentiment, and conspiracy theories regarding government corruption and conspiracies. While not a single organized entity, they share a common ideology and frequently participate in training exercises, paramilitary drills, and sometimes engage in activism or protests to voice their political views.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The "Three Percenters" is a loose association of militia groups in the United States. They claim to represent the majority (3%) of Americans who are not part of the federal government or major political parties. This group often aligns with conservative ideologies and has been associated with anti-government sentiment, particularly regarding issues such as gun rights, taxes, and federal overreach. Membership and organizational structure vary widely, as the group is more of a loose coalition rather than a formal organization.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to an amorphous and diverse right-wing extremist movement in the United States. This group claims to represent the minority of Americans who are "truth-seeking, liberty-loving, and patriotically oriented." Originating in the 1990s, the Three Percenters have no centralized leadership or formal structure but share a general ideology rooted in white nationalism, anti-government sentiments, and resistance to what they perceive as government tyranny. They often participate in militia groups and have been associated with various conspiracy theories and violent incidents.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The "Three Percenters" is a loosely organized paramilitary group in the United States that emerged in the early 2000s. Members identify with the percentage referenced by former U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt, who once said, "I would rather have the vote of the three percent who are really interested and understand the problems than the 97 percent who only think about taxes and sex scandals." The group generally opposes federal government overreach and supports the Second Amendment. However, it\'s important to note that the organization is not officially recognized and its membership and activities can vary widely.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The term "Three Percenters" refers to an amorphous collection of right-wing militia groups in the United States. The name comes from a quote by Ron Paul, who stated that "in any society, there will always be three percent who are leaders," and it was adopted by groups that oppose government authority and advocate for Second Amendment rights. These groups often engage in training exercises, paramilitary drills, and stockpiling of weapons, viewing themselves as prepared for potential civil unrest or government collapse.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 489204):
Original:     right pelvic pain causes
Reformulated: right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Right pelvic pain can be caused by several factors, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or issues with the fallopian tubes. It may also be associated with constipation or irritable bowel syndrome. In women, conditions such as endometriosis or ovarian inflammation can lead to pain in this area. Men might experience similar pain due to issues like prostatitis. Pain that persists or worsens should be evaluated by a healthcare provider for accurate diagnosis and treatment.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, hernias, or issues with the reproductive organs such as ovaries or fallopian tubes. It may also result from gastrointestinal problems like appendicitis or constipation. In women, conditions like ovarian cysts or endometriosis are common causes. Men might experience pain due to prostatitis or testicular issues. Proper diagnosis typically involves a physical exam and possibly imaging tests or blood work to pinpoint the exact cause.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, hernias, and issues with the reproductive or urinary systems. For instance, conditions like ovarian cysts in women or appendicitis can lead to right-sided pain. Men may experience similar pain due to conditions such as prostate issues. Other causes include constipation, which can put pressure on the pelvic area, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). Proper diagnosis usually involves a physical examination and possibly imaging tests or blood work to determine the exact cause.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, ligament sprains, or hernias. More serious causes might include appendicitis, ovarian cysts, or kidney issues. Pain from the pelvis often radiates from organs in the lower abdomen or pelvis. If the pain is severe, persistent, or accompanied by other symptoms like fever, nausea, or changes in urination, it is advisable to consult a healthcare provider for a proper diagnosis and treatment.', 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. More serious causes may include ectopic pregnancy or kidney stones. Pain in this area often manifests due to inflammation, infection, or injury. If the pain is severe or persistent, it is advisable to consult a healthcare provider for accurate diagnosis and treatment.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 16, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 2401, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by several factors, including muscle strain, ovarian cysts, or issues with the fallopian tubes. It may also be associated with constipation or irritable bowel syndrome. In women, conditions such as endometriosis or ovarian inflammation can lead to pain in this area. Men might experience similar pain due to issues like prostatitis. Pain that persists or worsens should be evaluated by a healthcare provider for accurate diagnosis and treatment.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, hernias, or issues with the reproductive organs such as ovaries or fallopian tubes. It may also result from gastrointestinal problems like appendicitis or constipation. In women, conditions like ovarian cysts or endometriosis are common causes. Men might experience pain due to prostatitis or testicular issues. Proper diagnosis typically involves a physical exam and possibly imaging tests or blood work to pinpoint the exact cause.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including muscle strain, hernias, and issues with the reproductive or urinary systems. For instance, conditions like ovarian cysts in women or appendicitis can lead to right-sided pain. Men may experience similar pain due to conditions such as prostate issues. Other causes include constipation, which can put pressure on the pelvic area, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). Proper diagnosis usually involves a physical examination and possibly imaging tests or blood work to determine the exact cause.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, ligament sprains, or hernias. More serious causes might include appendicitis, ovarian cysts, or kidney issues. Pain from the pelvis often radiates from organs in the lower abdomen or pelvis. If the pain is severe, persistent, or accompanied by other symptoms like fever, nausea, or changes in urination, it is advisable to consult a healthcare provider for a proper diagnosis and treatment.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by various conditions, including muscle strains, ovarian cysts, or appendicitis. More serious causes may include ectopic pregnancy or kidney stones. Pain in this area often manifests due to inflammation, infection, or injury. If the pain is severe or persistent, it is advisable to consult a healthcare provider for accurate diagnosis and treatment.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 131843):
Original:     definition of a sigmet
Reformulated: definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather warning issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about specific hazardous in-flight conditions that are not related to routine weather patterns. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, wind shear, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that can pose significant risks to aircraft. SIGMETs help ensure the safety of air travel by providing crucial information to pilots and air traffic controllers, enabling them to avoid or navigate around these dangerous weather zones.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about potentially hazardous weather conditions that could affect flight safety. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, volcanic ash, severe turbulence, wind shear, and other significant meteorological phenomena. SIGMETs are essential for ensuring safe aircraft operations by providing timely information to help pilots plan routes and avoid dangerous weather.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about hazardous in-flight conditions that are not covered by routine weather reports. These conditions include severe storms, volcanic ash, windshear, and significant weather phenomena that could pose a serious threat to aircraft safety. SIGMETs are crucial for flight planning and in-flight decision-making, helping to ensure the safety of air travel by providing timely information on potentially dangerous weather situations.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about significant meteorological conditions that could affect the safety of flight. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, volcanic ash, severe icing, windshear, and other hazards that are not covered by routine meteorological watches or warnings. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring that pilots have the necessary information to make informed decisions regarding their flights, helping to prevent in-flight hazards and ensure safe aircraft operations.', 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by meteorological watch offices for aviation. It provides information about specific weather phenomena that could affect the safety of aircraft operations, such as severe thunderstorms, heavy precipitation, wind shear, volcanic ash, and hail. SIGMETs help pilots plan their flights and make informed decisions to avoid hazardous conditions.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 2613, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather warning issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about specific hazardous in-flight conditions that are not related to routine weather patterns. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, wind shear, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that can pose significant risks to aircraft. SIGMETs help ensure the safety of air travel by providing crucial information to pilots and air traffic controllers, enabling them to avoid or navigate around these dangerous weather zones.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about potentially hazardous weather conditions that could affect flight safety. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, volcanic ash, severe turbulence, wind shear, and other significant meteorological phenomena. SIGMETs are essential for ensuring safe aircraft operations by providing timely information to help pilots plan routes and avoid dangerous weather.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to alert pilots about hazardous in-flight conditions that are not covered by routine weather reports. These conditions include severe storms, volcanic ash, windshear, and significant weather phenomena that could pose a serious threat to aircraft safety. SIGMETs are crucial for flight planning and in-flight decision-making, helping to ensure the safety of air travel by providing timely information on potentially dangerous weather situations.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather bulletin issued by aviation meteorologists to inform pilots about significant meteorological conditions that could affect the safety of flight. These conditions include severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, volcanic ash, severe icing, windshear, and other hazards that are not covered by routine meteorological watches or warnings. SIGMETs are crucial for ensuring that pilots have the necessary information to make informed decisions regarding their flights, helping to prevent in-flight hazards and ensure safe aircraft operations.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A SIGMET (Significant Meteorological Information) is a weather forecast product issued by meteorological watch offices for aviation. It provides information about specific weather phenomena that could affect the safety of aircraft operations, such as severe thunderstorms, heavy precipitation, wind shear, volcanic ash, and hail. SIGMETs help pilots plan their flights and make informed decisions to avoid hazardous conditions.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

