Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 23849):
Original:     are naturalization records public information
Reformulated: are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalization records public information are naturalizati...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Naturalization records, which document the process of an individual becoming a citizen of the United States, are generally considered public information. This means that these records can be accessed by members of the public through official channels such as the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website. However, certain sensitive information may be redacted for privacy reasons, such as Social Security numbers, addresses, and birth dates. It's important to note that while the records themselves are public, accessing them may require fulfilling specific documentation and fees as set by USCIS.", "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, accessible through various government archives and online databases. However, the level of detail and accessibility may vary depending on the country and specific records. In the United States, for example, naturalization records from 1906 onwards are publicly available through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records can provide information such as the petitioner's name, place of birth, date and port of entry, and signature. It's important to note that while the records are public, personal information may be redacted for privacy reasons, especially in older records.", "Naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or other government databases. These records typically include information such as the applicant's name, date and place of birth, residence, application date, and the court where naturalization took place. However, some details may be withheld to protect privacy, particularly if the person involved has passed away recently.", "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, available for review by the public through the U.S. National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). However, certain sensitive information such as social security numbers and addresses may be redacted to protect privacy. Researchers, historians, and members of the public can access these records through NARA's online database or by visiting their facilities.", "Naturalization records, which document the process by which individuals become citizens of the United States, are generally considered public information. However, the level of detail and accessibility can vary. For instance, indexes and summaries of naturalization records are often available through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and other online resources. More detailed documents, such as individual naturalization certificates, may require a formal request under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) or a visit to NARA's facilities. It's important to note that privacy concerns can lead to restrictions on accessing certain records for individuals who have passed away recently."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 45, 'docs_len': 2968, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Naturalization records, which document the process of an individual becoming a citizen of the United States, are generally considered public information. This means that these records can be accessed by members of the public through official channels such as the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website. However, certain sensitive information may be redacted for privacy reasons, such as Social Security numbers, addresses, and birth dates. It's important to note that while the records themselves are public, accessing them may require fulfilling specific documentation and fees as set by USCIS.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, accessible through various government archives and online databases. However, the level of detail and accessibility may vary depending on the country and specific records. In the United States, for example, naturalization records from 1906 onwards are publicly available through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). These records can provide information such as the petitioner's name, place of birth, date and port of entry, and signature. It's important to note that while the records are public, personal information may be redacted for privacy reasons, especially in older records.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Naturalization records are generally considered public information and can be accessed through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or other government databases. These records typically include information such as the applicant's name, date and place of birth, residence, application date, and the court where naturalization took place. However, some details may be withheld to protect privacy, particularly if the person involved has passed away recently.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Naturalization records are generally considered public information, available for review by the public through the U.S. National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). However, certain sensitive information such as social security numbers and addresses may be redacted to protect privacy. Researchers, historians, and members of the public can access these records through NARA's online database or by visiting their facilities.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Naturalization records, which document the process by which individuals become citizens of the United States, are generally considered public information. However, the level of detail and accessibility can vary. For instance, indexes and summaries of naturalization records are often available through the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) and other online resources. More detailed documents, such as individual naturalization certificates, may require a formal request under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) or a visit to NARA's facilities. It's important to note that privacy concerns can lead to restrictions on accessing certain records for individuals who have passed away recently."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 156498):
Original:     do google docs auto save
Reformulated: do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save do google docs auto save ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing data due to unexpected issues. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save." Additionally, Google Docs offers real-time collaboration, where multiple users can edit the same document simultaneously, with automatic saving for each contributor.', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing data due to unexpected shutdowns or errors. You can also manually save at any time by clicking on "File" and selecting "Save" or "Save As.', "Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, ensuring you don't lose any changes. This feature is designed to provide a seamless writing experience without the need for manual saves. However, it's still recommended to save manually or use the auto-recovery feature to access previous versions of your document if needed.", 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5 to 10 seconds. This feature ensures that your documents are constantly being saved without any manual intervention from you. If you make significant changes or want to save at a specific moment, you can also manually save by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save" or using the shortcut Ctrl+S (Cmd+S on Mac).', 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on "File" and selecting "Save" or using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+S (Command+S on Mac).'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 1906, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing data due to unexpected issues. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save." Additionally, Google Docs offers real-time collaboration, where multiple users can edit the same document simultaneously, with automatic saving for each contributor.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make changes. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing data due to unexpected shutdowns or errors. You can also manually save at any time by clicking on "File" and selecting "Save" or "Save As.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, ensuring you don't lose any changes. This feature is designed to provide a seamless writing experience without the need for manual saves. However, it's still recommended to save manually or use the auto-recovery feature to access previous versions of your document if needed.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes, typically every 5 to 10 seconds. This feature ensures that your documents are constantly being saved without any manual intervention from you. If you make significant changes or want to save at a specific moment, you can also manually save by clicking on the "File" menu and selecting "Save" or using the shortcut Ctrl+S (Cmd+S on Mac).', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Google Docs automatically saves your work every few minutes or whenever you make a significant change. This feature ensures that your document is always up-to-date and reduces the risk of losing unsaved changes. You can also manually save your document at any time by clicking on "File" and selecting "Save" or using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+S (Command+S on Mac).'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 258062):
Original:     how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth
Reformulated: how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it take to remove wisdom tooth how long does it tak...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The time required to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on its position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure takes around 30 to 60 minutes. Recovery can take several days to a week, during which you may experience some swelling, pain, and discomfort. Your dentist or oral surgeon will provide specific instructions on post-operative care to ensure a smooth recovery.', "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on factors such as its position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure can take between 30 minutes to an hour. Recovery time post-surgery typically ranges from a few days to two weeks, during which pain, swelling, and minor bleeding may occur. Following your dentist or oral surgeon's post-operative care instructions is crucial for a smooth recovery.", "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the tooth's position and your oral health. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes, but recovery time can extend from a few days to a week or more. Immediate post-operative care includes rest, managing pain with prescribed medication, and avoiding strenuous activities. Complete healing and the removal of swelling typically occur within 5 to 10 days, although full healing can take up to several weeks.", "The duration to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure can take between 30 minutes to an hour. Simple extractions may be completed in about 30 minutes, while more complex cases involving impacted teeth or need for bone removal can extend to an hour or longer. Recovery time after the surgery typically takes a few days to a week, during which patients should follow their dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions for optimal healing.", "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on factors such as the tooth's position and your overall oral health. Generally, the procedure can take between 30 minutes to an hour. Recovery time after the surgery typically lasts 2-3 days, during which you may experience some pain, swelling, and bleeding. Full healing usually takes about 1-2 weeks."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 2201, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The time required to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on its position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure takes around 30 to 60 minutes. Recovery can take several days to a week, during which you may experience some swelling, pain, and discomfort. Your dentist or oral surgeon will provide specific instructions on post-operative care to ensure a smooth recovery.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on factors such as its position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure can take between 30 minutes to an hour. Recovery time post-surgery typically ranges from a few days to two weeks, during which pain, swelling, and minor bleeding may occur. Following your dentist or oral surgeon's post-operative care instructions is crucial for a smooth recovery.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The time required to remove a wisdom tooth can vary depending on factors such as the tooth's position and your oral health. Generally, the procedure takes about 30 to 60 minutes, but recovery time can extend from a few days to a week or more. Immediate post-operative care includes rest, managing pain with prescribed medication, and avoiding strenuous activities. Complete healing and the removal of swelling typically occur within 5 to 10 days, although full healing can take up to several weeks.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The duration to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on several factors, including the tooth's position and how impacted it is. Generally, the procedure can take between 30 minutes to an hour. Simple extractions may be completed in about 30 minutes, while more complex cases involving impacted teeth or need for bone removal can extend to an hour or longer. Recovery time after the surgery typically takes a few days to a week, during which patients should follow their dentist's or oral surgeon's instructions for optimal healing.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The time it takes to remove a wisdom tooth varies depending on factors such as the tooth's position and your overall oral health. Generally, the procedure can take between 30 minutes to an hour. Recovery time after the surgery typically lasts 2-3 days, during which you may experience some pain, swelling, and bleeding. Full healing usually takes about 1-2 weeks."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1071750):
Original:     why is pete rose banned from hall of fame
Reformulated: why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hall of fame why is pete rose banned from hal...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 due to his gambling habit and the fact that he bet on baseball games, including those involving himself. At the time, Major League Baseball (MLB) imposed a lifetime ban on players involved in such activities. This decision was upheld by MLB in 1992, preventing Rose from being eligible for the Hall of Fame based on the league's eligibility criteria. His exclusion remained controversial among baseball fans and historians, with many arguing that his playing career's exceptional achievements outweighed the ethical violations.", 'Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 due to his gambling habits and the suspicion of betting on baseball games, including those he managed. Although Rose denied intentionally betting on games, MLB suspended him indefinitely in 1989. The Hall of Fame requires its members to have "exemplary character," and Rose\'s actions led to a long-standing ban from induction, despite his significant career achievements, including 4,256 hits and three National League batting titles.', 'Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games. He played for multiple teams throughout his career but was banned by Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1989 after it was discovered he had bet on games while still a player. Although his career statistics are outstanding, including three batting titles and a lifetime batting average of .303, MLB considers his actions a breach of ethical standards, leading to his permanent exclusion from the Hall of Fame.', "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games. Despite his exceptional batting skills and record-setting career, Rose was barred from induction in 1989 after it was revealed that he had bet on Cincinnati Reds games while playing for the team. The Hall of Fame has strict ethical guidelines, and Rose's actions violated these standards. It wasn't until 2016, when Rose publicly admitted to having bet on games, that the ban was lifted, allowing him to become a Hall of Famer posthumously in 2022.", "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games. Specifically, he was accused of betting on the outcomes of games while managing the Cincinnati Reds and playing for other teams. This behavior, which violates Major League Baseball's rules against betting, led to a lifetime ban from baseball. While Rose maintains his innocence, his gambling activities have prevented him from being elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA)."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 10, 'query_len': 41, 'docs_len': 2653, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 due to his gambling habit and the fact that he bet on baseball games, including those involving himself. At the time, Major League Baseball (MLB) imposed a lifetime ban on players involved in such activities. This decision was upheld by MLB in 1992, preventing Rose from being eligible for the Hall of Fame based on the league's eligibility criteria. His exclusion remained controversial among baseball fans and historians, with many arguing that his playing career's exceptional achievements outweighed the ethical violations.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 due to his gambling habits and the suspicion of betting on baseball games, including those he managed. Although Rose denied intentionally betting on games, MLB suspended him indefinitely in 1989. The Hall of Fame requires its members to have "exemplary character," and Rose\'s actions led to a long-standing ban from induction, despite his significant career achievements, including 4,256 hits and three National League batting titles.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games. He played for multiple teams throughout his career but was banned by Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1989 after it was discovered he had bet on games while still a player. Although his career statistics are outstanding, including three batting titles and a lifetime batting average of .303, MLB considers his actions a breach of ethical standards, leading to his permanent exclusion from the Hall of Fame.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Pete Rose was banned from the Baseball Hall of Fame due to his involvement in betting on baseball games. Despite his exceptional batting skills and record-setting career, Rose was barred from induction in 1989 after it was revealed that he had bet on Cincinnati Reds games while playing for the team. The Hall of Fame has strict ethical guidelines, and Rose's actions violated these standards. It wasn't until 2016, when Rose publicly admitted to having bet on games, that the ban was lifted, allowing him to become a Hall of Famer posthumously in 2022.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Pete Rose was banned from the Hall of Fame due to his involvement in gambling on baseball games. Specifically, he was accused of betting on the outcomes of games while managing the Cincinnati Reds and playing for other teams. This behavior, which violates Major League Baseball's rules against betting, led to a lifetime ban from baseball. While Rose maintains his innocence, his gambling activities have prevented him from being elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA)."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 67316):
Original:     can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy
Reformulated: can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarriage early pregnancy can fever cause miscarri...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. High body temperature, often due to infections or other causes, may affect the developing embryo. Studies suggest that prolonged or high fevers, particularly in the first trimester, could disrupt fetal development and increase the risk of miscarriage. However, it's important to note that not all fevers lead to miscarriages, and maintaining a moderate fever for a short duration usually does not pose a significant risk. Managing fevers promptly with proper hydration and, if necessary, appropriate medical treatment is crucial for both maternal and fetal health.", 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if it is high or prolonged. Research suggests that temperatures above 102°F (38.9°C) for extended periods may adversely affect fetal development. However, most low-grade fevers, common illnesses, and brief fevers typically do not significantly impact pregnancy outcomes. It is advisable to manage fever with proper hydration and medication as recommended by healthcare providers to minimize any potential risks.', "Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks to the developing fetus. High fevers, particularly if they persist or recur, may increase the risk of miscarriage. This risk is often associated with infections that trigger fevers, as these can sometimes lead to inflammation or other complications that affect fetal development. However, it's important to note that not all fevers in early pregnancy result in miscarriage. Managing fevers promptly through hydration, rest, and appropriate medication (under medical supervision) can help mitigate potential risks. Regular prenatal care and communication with healthcare providers are crucial for monitoring and addressing any concerns related to fever and pregnancy.", 'Certainly! Here\'s a concise, informative, and clear passage:\n\n"Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks, but it does not necessarily cause miscarriage. A high fever, especially if prolonged or severe, may increase the risk of complications. It is important for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly by resting, staying hydrated, and using recommended medications like acetaminophen under medical guidance. Persistent or recurring fevers should be evaluated by a healthcare provider to ensure the well-being of both the mother and the fetus.', 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if it is high or prolonged. Studies suggest that temperatures above 102°F (39°C) for an extended period may harm the developing fetus. However, the risk varies among individuals, and not all fevers lead to complications. It is crucial to address any fever promptly with adequate hydration and, if necessary, medical advice to ensure both maternal and fetal health.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 2882, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage. High body temperature, often due to infections or other causes, may affect the developing embryo. Studies suggest that prolonged or high fevers, particularly in the first trimester, could disrupt fetal development and increase the risk of miscarriage. However, it's important to note that not all fevers lead to miscarriages, and maintaining a moderate fever for a short duration usually does not pose a significant risk. Managing fevers promptly with proper hydration and, if necessary, appropriate medical treatment is crucial for both maternal and fetal health.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if it is high or prolonged. Research suggests that temperatures above 102°F (38.9°C) for extended periods may adversely affect fetal development. However, most low-grade fevers, common illnesses, and brief fevers typically do not significantly impact pregnancy outcomes. It is advisable to manage fever with proper hydration and medication as recommended by healthcare providers to minimize any potential risks.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks to the developing fetus. High fevers, particularly if they persist or recur, may increase the risk of miscarriage. This risk is often associated with infections that trigger fevers, as these can sometimes lead to inflammation or other complications that affect fetal development. However, it's important to note that not all fevers in early pregnancy result in miscarriage. Managing fevers promptly through hydration, rest, and appropriate medication (under medical supervision) can help mitigate potential risks. Regular prenatal care and communication with healthcare providers are crucial for monitoring and addressing any concerns related to fever and pregnancy.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Certainly! Here\'s a concise, informative, and clear passage:\n\n"Fever during early pregnancy can potentially pose risks, but it does not necessarily cause miscarriage. A high fever, especially if prolonged or severe, may increase the risk of complications. It is important for pregnant women to manage fevers promptly by resting, staying hydrated, and using recommended medications like acetaminophen under medical guidance. Persistent or recurring fevers should be evaluated by a healthcare provider to ensure the well-being of both the mother and the fetus.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Fever during early pregnancy can potentially increase the risk of miscarriage, especially if it is high or prolonged. Studies suggest that temperatures above 102°F (39°C) for an extended period may harm the developing fetus. However, the risk varies among individuals, and not all fevers lead to complications. It is crucial to address any fever promptly with adequate hydration and, if necessary, medical advice to ensure both maternal and fetal health.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 169208):
Original:     does mississippi have an income tax
Reformulated: does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax does mississippi have an income tax Mississippi does not...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Mississippi does not have a state-level personal income tax. Instead, the state relies on other sources of revenue such as sales tax, property tax, and various fees to fund its operations and services.', 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the U.S., Mississippi relies on other sources of revenue such as sales tax, property tax, and fees to fund its state budget.', 'Mississippi does not have a state-level personal income tax. Instead, the state relies on other sources such as sales taxes, property taxes, and fuel taxes to fund its operations and services.', 'Mississippi does not have a state income tax. Instead, residents primarily rely on sales taxes, property taxes, and federal income taxes for state revenue.', "Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states, Mississippi residents do not pay state income tax on their earnings. However, localities within the state may impose their own taxes, so it's important for taxpayers to check local regulations."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 35, 'docs_len': 1005, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Mississippi does not have a state-level personal income tax. Instead, the state relies on other sources of revenue such as sales tax, property tax, and various fees to fund its operations and services.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states in the U.S., Mississippi relies on other sources of revenue such as sales tax, property tax, and fees to fund its state budget.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Mississippi does not have a state-level personal income tax. Instead, the state relies on other sources such as sales taxes, property taxes, and fuel taxes to fund its operations and services.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Mississippi does not have a state income tax. Instead, residents primarily rely on sales taxes, property taxes, and federal income taxes for state revenue.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Mississippi does not have an income tax. Unlike many other states, Mississippi residents do not pay state income tax on their earnings. However, localities within the state may impose their own taxes, so it's important for taxpayers to check local regulations."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 938400):
Original:     when did family feud come out?
Reformulated: when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did family feud come out? when did famil...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Family Feud first aired on September 15, 1976, on ABC. The original format was created by British television producer John Moloney and was based on his show "Double or Nothing." The show quickly gained popularity and ran for many years, with various iterations continuing to air on different networks over the decades.', 'Family Feud, the American version of the British show "1 vs. 100," first aired on September 24, 1976, on ABC. Created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, the show features two teams competing in trivia-based games where players guess the most common answers given by a survey audience to various questions.', 'Family Feud, the popular American game show where contestants try to guess the top responses from a previous survey, first aired on January 25, 1976, on CBS. The show was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman and originally hosted by Richard Dawson. It underwent several revivals over the years, with the most recent incarnation premiering in 2014 on Fox.', 'Family Feud, the popular American trivia game show, first aired on May 14, 2008, on Fox. The show was created by Mark Goodson Productions and based on the British version of the same name. It features contestants answering survey-based questions with the most common answers winning points.', 'Family Feud first aired on January 15, 1976, on CBS. The original format was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman. Over the years, the show has had several iterations and has been broadcast in various countries around the world.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 8, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 1503, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Family Feud first aired on September 15, 1976, on ABC. The original format was created by British television producer John Moloney and was based on his show "Double or Nothing." The show quickly gained popularity and ran for many years, with various iterations continuing to air on different networks over the decades.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Family Feud, the American version of the British show "1 vs. 100," first aired on September 24, 1976, on ABC. Created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, the show features two teams competing in trivia-based games where players guess the most common answers given by a survey audience to various questions.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Family Feud, the popular American game show where contestants try to guess the top responses from a previous survey, first aired on January 25, 1976, on CBS. The show was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman and originally hosted by Richard Dawson. It underwent several revivals over the years, with the most recent incarnation premiering in 2014 on Fox.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Family Feud, the popular American trivia game show, first aired on May 14, 2008, on Fox. The show was created by Mark Goodson Productions and based on the British version of the same name. It features contestants answering survey-based questions with the most common answers winning points.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Family Feud first aired on January 15, 1976, on CBS. The original format was created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman. Over the years, the show has had several iterations and has been broadcast in various countries around the world.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1108651):
Original:     what the best way to get clothes white
Reformulated: what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what the best way to get clothes white what ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['To achieve white clothes that are as bright as possible, consider using oxygen-based bleach instead of chlorine bleach, as it is more effective on modern fabrics and less likely to cause damage. Additionally, pretreat any stains with a stain remover before washing in hot water, which can significantly enhance the whiteness. Regular washing with a good laundry detergent and occasional use of baking soda in the wash cycle can also help maintain the whites. Avoid overloading the washer, as this can prevent proper cleaning and whitening.', 'To achieve white clothes that are as bright as possible, start by sorting your laundry according to color. Use a color-safe bleach or oxygen-based detergent specifically designed for whitening. Pre-treat any stains with a stain remover before washing. Set your washing machine to a hot water cycle, as this temperature effectively removes dirt and restores whiteness. Additionally, air-drying your whites can help maintain their brightness compared to using a dryer. If your whites are still not as bright as desired, consider using a white fabric enhancer in the rinse cycle to boost the whiteness further.', 'To achieve white clothes that are as bright as possible, use a combination of methods. First, pretreat any stains with a stain remover or a solution of baking soda and water. Then, wash in cold water to preserve color and prevent shrinking. Afterward, add a cup of vinegar to the rinse cycle to brighten whites without adding bleach. Avoid using chlorine bleach on delicate fabrics; instead, opt for oxygen-based bleaches, which are milder and more effective on certain materials. Finally, dry clothes in the sun if possible, as sunlight helps whiten and sanitize fabrics naturally.', 'To get clothes white, use a color-safe bleach product designed for whites. Ensure the fabric is color-safe before using bleach. Additionally, washing in hot water can help remove stains and whiten fabrics more effectively. For tough stains, pretreat the area with a stain remover before washing. Regular washing with a good laundry detergent also helps maintain white clothing. Avoid overloading the washer and consider adding a brightening agent for optimal results.', 'To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your clothes and pre-treating any stains. Use a high-quality detergent specifically designed for white clothing and opt for hot water when safe for the fabric. Consider adding a cup of vinegar or a chlorine bleach suitable for your fabric type to enhance whiteness. Air-drying can also help maintain the brightness of your whites, as sunlight naturally whitens fabrics.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 2632, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'To achieve white clothes that are as bright as possible, consider using oxygen-based bleach instead of chlorine bleach, as it is more effective on modern fabrics and less likely to cause damage. Additionally, pretreat any stains with a stain remover before washing in hot water, which can significantly enhance the whiteness. Regular washing with a good laundry detergent and occasional use of baking soda in the wash cycle can also help maintain the whites. Avoid overloading the washer, as this can prevent proper cleaning and whitening.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'To achieve white clothes that are as bright as possible, start by sorting your laundry according to color. Use a color-safe bleach or oxygen-based detergent specifically designed for whitening. Pre-treat any stains with a stain remover before washing. Set your washing machine to a hot water cycle, as this temperature effectively removes dirt and restores whiteness. Additionally, air-drying your whites can help maintain their brightness compared to using a dryer. If your whites are still not as bright as desired, consider using a white fabric enhancer in the rinse cycle to boost the whiteness further.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'To achieve white clothes that are as bright as possible, use a combination of methods. First, pretreat any stains with a stain remover or a solution of baking soda and water. Then, wash in cold water to preserve color and prevent shrinking. Afterward, add a cup of vinegar to the rinse cycle to brighten whites without adding bleach. Avoid using chlorine bleach on delicate fabrics; instead, opt for oxygen-based bleaches, which are milder and more effective on certain materials. Finally, dry clothes in the sun if possible, as sunlight helps whiten and sanitize fabrics naturally.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'To get clothes white, use a color-safe bleach product designed for whites. Ensure the fabric is color-safe before using bleach. Additionally, washing in hot water can help remove stains and whiten fabrics more effectively. For tough stains, pretreat the area with a stain remover before washing. Regular washing with a good laundry detergent also helps maintain white clothing. Avoid overloading the washer and consider adding a brightening agent for optimal results.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'To achieve the whitest whites in your laundry, start by sorting your clothes and pre-treating any stains. Use a high-quality detergent specifically designed for white clothing and opt for hot water when safe for the fabric. Consider adding a cup of vinegar or a chlorine bleach suitable for your fabric type to enhance whiteness. Air-drying can also help maintain the brightness of your whites, as sunlight naturally whitens fabrics.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 1037496):
Original:     who is rep scalise?
Reformulated: who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? who is rep scalise? ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Reps. Steve Scalise (R-LA) was a prominent member of the United States House of Representatives, serving from 2011 until his retirement in 2023. A Republican from Louisiana, Scalise was known for his role as the House Republican Whip and as a leader in conservative policy initiatives. He was critically injured during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice in 2017 but made a remarkable recovery and continued his political career.', "Reps. Steve Scalise is a former U.S. Representative from Louisiana's 1st congressional district. He served in the House of Representatives from 2011 to 2019. Scalise was known for his conservative stance and his role as the House Majority Whip under Speaker Paul Ryan. Notably, he was injured in a shooting during a Capitol Hill baseball practice in 2017 but recovered and continued his political career until his retirement in January 2019.", "Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) was a prominent figure in the U.S. House of Representatives, serving as the majority whip from 2015 to 2017. He represented Louisiana's 4th congressional district and was known for his conservative politics. On July 6, 2017, Scalise was injured in a shooting at a congressional baseball practice but later made a full recovery. He remained an active member of Congress until his death on July 13, 2023, due to complications from ALS.", "Rep. Steve Scalise is a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2013. A key figure in the House Republican leadership, he served as Majority Whip from 2015 to 2017. Scalise was involved in a high-profile shooting incident in 2017, during a congressional baseball practice, which injured him seriously but did not end his political career. Known for his conservative stances and role in policy development, Scalise has been a prominent figure in U.S. politics for over a decade.", "Rep. Steve Scalise is a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Louisiana's 4th congressional district. He served in Congress from 2013 to 2017 and returned in 2019. Scalise has held leadership positions within the Republican Party, including serving as the House Majority Whip from 2015 to 2017. He is known for his role in Republican policy-making and his involvement in various committee assignments. On July 6, 2017, Scalise was injured during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, an incident that"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 21, 'query_len': 19, 'docs_len': 2438, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Reps. Steve Scalise (R-LA) was a prominent member of the United States House of Representatives, serving from 2011 until his retirement in 2023. A Republican from Louisiana, Scalise was known for his role as the House Republican Whip and as a leader in conservative policy initiatives. He was critically injured during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice in 2017 but made a remarkable recovery and continued his political career.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Reps. Steve Scalise is a former U.S. Representative from Louisiana's 1st congressional district. He served in the House of Representatives from 2011 to 2019. Scalise was known for his conservative stance and his role as the House Majority Whip under Speaker Paul Ryan. Notably, he was injured in a shooting during a Capitol Hill baseball practice in 2017 but recovered and continued his political career until his retirement in January 2019.", 'pseudo_doc_3': "Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) was a prominent figure in the U.S. House of Representatives, serving as the majority whip from 2015 to 2017. He represented Louisiana's 4th congressional district and was known for his conservative politics. On July 6, 2017, Scalise was injured in a shooting at a congressional baseball practice but later made a full recovery. He remained an active member of Congress until his death on July 13, 2023, due to complications from ALS.", 'pseudo_doc_4': "Rep. Steve Scalise is a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2013. A key figure in the House Republican leadership, he served as Majority Whip from 2015 to 2017. Scalise was involved in a high-profile shooting incident in 2017, during a congressional baseball practice, which injured him seriously but did not end his political career. Known for his conservative stances and role in policy development, Scalise has been a prominent figure in U.S. politics for over a decade.", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Rep. Steve Scalise is a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Louisiana's 4th congressional district. He served in Congress from 2013 to 2017 and returned in 2019. Scalise has held leadership positions within the Republican Party, including serving as the House Majority Whip from 2015 to 2017. He is known for his role in Republican policy-making and his involvement in various committee assignments. On July 6, 2017, Scalise was injured during a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, an incident that"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 1064670):
Original:     why do hunters pattern their shotguns?
Reformulated: why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why do hunters pattern their shotguns? why d...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure accurate distribution and maximum effectiveness of the shot pattern at various ranges. This process involves firing multiple rounds into a target at different distances and analyzing the resulting pattern to identify any areas of weakness or overpenetration. By adjusting choke tubes, barrel length, and shot size, hunters can optimize their shotguns for specific hunting scenarios, such as bird hunting or clay target shooting, ensuring that they achieve the desired hit probability and minimize wasted ammunition.', 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of shot pellets at various ranges. This process helps ensure effective patterning, which is crucial for hitting small targets like birds or game animals accurately. By shooting groups of clay targets or special pattern boards, hunters can analyze the shot spread and adjust choke tubes or aim points as necessary to improve their shooting performance in hunting scenarios.', 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure accurate and effective shot distribution at various ranges. This process involves firing shot shells through the barrel to create a pattern of shot pellets on a target or a sheet of paper. By analyzing the spread and density of the pellets, hunters can determine the optimal choke and load for their shotgun, ensuring that a sufficient number of pellets hit the target within a critical kill zone. Proper patterning helps hunters achieve better shot placement and increases their chances of successful hunts, whether targeting birds, small mammals, or larger game.', 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure that the shot spread is consistent and effective at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target from a standard distance (typically 40 or 70 yards) and measuring the pattern, which shows the distribution of shot pellets. By patterning, hunters can determine the most efficient choke and shot size for their hunting needs, ensuring optimal performance and minimizing misses, especially when hunting birds or small game.', "Hunters pattern their shotguns to understand the spread and distribution of shot pellets at various ranges. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target placed at different distances and analyzing how the pellets distribute across the target. By patterning, hunters ensure optimal shot placement and maximize hit probabilities on game, whether it's birds or small mammals. Accurate patterning helps in selecting the right choke and ammunition combination for effective hunting under specific conditions."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 11, 'query_len': 38, 'docs_len': 2608, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure accurate distribution and maximum effectiveness of the shot pattern at various ranges. This process involves firing multiple rounds into a target at different distances and analyzing the resulting pattern to identify any areas of weakness or overpenetration. By adjusting choke tubes, barrel length, and shot size, hunters can optimize their shotguns for specific hunting scenarios, such as bird hunting or clay target shooting, ensuring that they achieve the desired hit probability and minimize wasted ammunition.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to determine the distribution and density of shot pellets at various ranges. This process helps ensure effective patterning, which is crucial for hitting small targets like birds or game animals accurately. By shooting groups of clay targets or special pattern boards, hunters can analyze the shot spread and adjust choke tubes or aim points as necessary to improve their shooting performance in hunting scenarios.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure accurate and effective shot distribution at various ranges. This process involves firing shot shells through the barrel to create a pattern of shot pellets on a target or a sheet of paper. By analyzing the spread and density of the pellets, hunters can determine the optimal choke and load for their shotgun, ensuring that a sufficient number of pellets hit the target within a critical kill zone. Proper patterning helps hunters achieve better shot placement and increases their chances of successful hunts, whether targeting birds, small mammals, or larger game.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hunters pattern their shotguns to ensure that the shot spread is consistent and effective at various distances. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target from a standard distance (typically 40 or 70 yards) and measuring the pattern, which shows the distribution of shot pellets. By patterning, hunters can determine the most efficient choke and shot size for their hunting needs, ensuring optimal performance and minimizing misses, especially when hunting birds or small game.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Hunters pattern their shotguns to understand the spread and distribution of shot pellets at various ranges. This process involves firing the shotgun at a target placed at different distances and analyzing how the pellets distribute across the target. By patterning, hunters ensure optimal shot placement and maximize hit probabilities on game, whether it's birds or small mammals. Accurate patterning helps in selecting the right choke and ammunition combination for effective hunting under specific conditions."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

