Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 907):
Original:     PGE 2 promotes intestinal tumor growth by altering the expression of tumor suppressing and DNA repair genes.
Reformulated: PGE 2 promotes intestinal tumor growth by altering the expression of tumor suppressing and DNA repair genes. PGE 2 promotes intestinal tumor growth by altering the expression of tumor suppressing and ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) plays a crucial role in promoting intestinal tumor growth by modulating gene expression. Specifically, PGE2 alters the expression levels of various tumor suppressor genes and key DNA repair genes. This alteration disrupts normal cellular processes, leading to increased cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis, thereby facilitating tumor development in the intestinal epithelium.', 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) promotes the growth of intestinal tumors by modulating the expression of tumor-suppressing and DNA repair genes. This cytokine enhances cell proliferation and inhibits apoptosis in cancer cells through its interaction with specific receptors. By downregulating tumor suppressor genes and upregulating genes involved in DNA repair pathways, PGE2 creates a favorable environment for tumor progression and reduces the effectiveness of cellular defense mechanisms against genetic damage.', 'Phorbol Esters (PGE 2) promote the growth of intestinal tumors by modulating gene expression. Specifically, PGE 2 alters the levels of tumor suppressor genes and DNA repair genes, leading to uncontrolled cell proliferation and reduced genomic stability, which are key factors in tumor development and progression.', 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) plays a critical role in promoting intestinal tumor growth by modulating gene expression. Specifically, PGE2 alters the expression levels of tumor-suppressing genes and DNA repair genes, creating a pro-tumorigenic environment. This alteration can lead to decreased cell cycle arrest and increased genomic instability, contributing to the progression and development of intestinal tumors.', 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) plays a significant role in promoting intestinal tumor growth. This occurs through its ability to alter the expression of key tumor-suppressing and DNA repair genes. By upregulating certain pro-inflammatory pathways and downregulating tumor suppressor genes, PGE2 creates a conducive environment for cancer cell proliferation and survival. Additionally, its interference with DNA repair mechanisms exacerbates genomic instability, further contributing to tumorigenesis in the intestinal tract.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 3, 'query_len': 108, 'docs_len': 2158, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) plays a crucial role in promoting intestinal tumor growth by modulating gene expression. Specifically, PGE2 alters the expression levels of various tumor suppressor genes and key DNA repair genes. This alteration disrupts normal cellular processes, leading to increased cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis, thereby facilitating tumor development in the intestinal epithelium.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) promotes the growth of intestinal tumors by modulating the expression of tumor-suppressing and DNA repair genes. This cytokine enhances cell proliferation and inhibits apoptosis in cancer cells through its interaction with specific receptors. By downregulating tumor suppressor genes and upregulating genes involved in DNA repair pathways, PGE2 creates a favorable environment for tumor progression and reduces the effectiveness of cellular defense mechanisms against genetic damage.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Phorbol Esters (PGE 2) promote the growth of intestinal tumors by modulating gene expression. Specifically, PGE 2 alters the levels of tumor suppressor genes and DNA repair genes, leading to uncontrolled cell proliferation and reduced genomic stability, which are key factors in tumor development and progression.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) plays a critical role in promoting intestinal tumor growth by modulating gene expression. Specifically, PGE2 alters the expression levels of tumor-suppressing genes and DNA repair genes, creating a pro-tumorigenic environment. This alteration can lead to decreased cell cycle arrest and increased genomic instability, contributing to the progression and development of intestinal tumors.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) plays a significant role in promoting intestinal tumor growth. This occurs through its ability to alter the expression of key tumor-suppressing and DNA repair genes. By upregulating certain pro-inflammatory pathways and downregulating tumor suppressor genes, PGE2 creates a conducive environment for cancer cell proliferation and survival. Additionally, its interference with DNA repair mechanisms exacerbates genomic instability, further contributing to tumorigenesis in the intestinal tract.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 350):
Original:     Discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs depends on the translation initiation factor IF3.
Reformulated: Discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs depends on the translation initiation factor IF3. Discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs depends on the translation initiat...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The discrimination between the initiator tRNA (fMet-tRNAfMet in prokaryotes or Met-tRNAfMet in eukaryotes) and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This selectivity is primarily facilitated by the translation initiation factor IF3. IF3 binds to the small ribosomal subunit, helping to stabilize the structure and preventing premature binding of elongation factors and other tRNAs. By doing so, IF3 ensures that only the correct initiator tRNA is loaded onto the start codon, initiating the translation process with precision and efficiency.', 'The discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This process depends on the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically recognizes and binds to the small ribosomal subunit. By interacting with the ribosome, IF3 helps to distinguish between the correct initiator tRNA (typically carrying methionine) and other elongation tRNAs that lack the necessary features to initiate translation. This ensures that translation begins at the correct start codon and that only appropriate amino acids are incorporated into the nascent polypeptide chain.', 'The discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This distinction is facilitated by the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically binds to the small ribosomal subunit and prevents the binding of elongation factors and most tRNAs until the correct initiator tRNA (usually carrying methionine) is loaded with the mRNA at the start codon. Once the correct tRNA is in place, IF3 dissociates, allowing the elongation cycle to proceed.', 'The discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This selectivity is primarily achieved through the action of the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically recognizes the 50S ribosomal subunit and prevents the binding of elongation factors and other tRNAs before the correct initiator tRNA (fMet-tRNAfMet in prokaryotes or Met-tRNAiMet in eukaryotes) is properly positioned at the start codon. By ensuring that only the appropriate tRNA is engaged with the ribosome, IF3 ensures that translation begins correctly and that elongation proceeds', 'The discrimination between initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation initiation. This process relies on the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically recognizes the start codon and binds to the small ribosomal subunit. IF3 helps to discriminate against elongation tRNAs by stabilizing the ribosome in an open conformation until the appropriate initiator tRNA (usually carrying methionine) binds to the start codon. This ensures that only the correct tRNA, equipped with the right amino acid for initiating polypeptide chains, participates in the elongation phase of protein synthesis.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 107, 'docs_len': 3000, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The discrimination between the initiator tRNA (fMet-tRNAfMet in prokaryotes or Met-tRNAfMet in eukaryotes) and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This selectivity is primarily facilitated by the translation initiation factor IF3. IF3 binds to the small ribosomal subunit, helping to stabilize the structure and preventing premature binding of elongation factors and other tRNAs. By doing so, IF3 ensures that only the correct initiator tRNA is loaded onto the start codon, initiating the translation process with precision and efficiency.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This process depends on the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically recognizes and binds to the small ribosomal subunit. By interacting with the ribosome, IF3 helps to distinguish between the correct initiator tRNA (typically carrying methionine) and other elongation tRNAs that lack the necessary features to initiate translation. This ensures that translation begins at the correct start codon and that only appropriate amino acids are incorporated into the nascent polypeptide chain.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This distinction is facilitated by the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically binds to the small ribosomal subunit and prevents the binding of elongation factors and most tRNAs until the correct initiator tRNA (usually carrying methionine) is loaded with the mRNA at the start codon. Once the correct tRNA is in place, IF3 dissociates, allowing the elongation cycle to proceed.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The discrimination between the initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation. This selectivity is primarily achieved through the action of the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically recognizes the 50S ribosomal subunit and prevents the binding of elongation factors and other tRNAs before the correct initiator tRNA (fMet-tRNAfMet in prokaryotes or Met-tRNAiMet in eukaryotes) is properly positioned at the start codon. By ensuring that only the appropriate tRNA is engaged with the ribosome, IF3 ensures that translation begins correctly and that elongation proceeds', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The discrimination between initiator and elongation tRNAs during protein synthesis is crucial for accurate translation initiation. This process relies on the translation initiation factor IF3, which specifically recognizes the start codon and binds to the small ribosomal subunit. IF3 helps to discriminate against elongation tRNAs by stabilizing the ribosome in an open conformation until the appropriate initiator tRNA (usually carrying methionine) binds to the start codon. This ensures that only the correct tRNA, equipped with the right amino acid for initiating polypeptide chains, participates in the elongation phase of protein synthesis.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 230):
Original:     Carriers of the alcohol aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency mutation drink less that non-carries.
Reformulated: Carriers of the alcohol aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency mutation drink less that non-carries. Carriers of the alcohol aldehyde dehydrogenase deficiency mutation drink less that non-carries. Carriers...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Individuals who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH2) deficiency mutation often consume less alcohol compared to non-carriers. This is due to a reduced ability to metabolize acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol breakdown, which leads to unpleasant symptoms such as flushing, nausea, and dizziness. These adverse effects deter carriers from drinking in excess, promoting lower alcohol consumption patterns.', 'Individuals who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol compared to non-carriers. This genetic variation affects the enzyme ALDH2, which is responsible for breaking down acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism. Due to the reduced ability to metabolize acetaldehyde efficiently, carriers experience unpleasant symptoms such as flushing, nausea, and dizziness when they drink, leading them to consume less alcohol to avoid these adverse effects.', 'Individuals who carry the alcohol aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH2) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol compared to non-carriers. This phenomenon is attributed to the reduced ability of their bodies to metabolize acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism. As a result, consuming alcohol can lead to more rapid intoxication, flushing, and other unpleasant symptoms in ALDH2 deficient individuals, prompting them to limit their alcohol intake.', 'People who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol than those who do not carry the mutation. This is because individuals with this genetic variant produce less of the enzyme ALDH2, which breaks down acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism. The accumulation of acetaldehyde can lead to unpleasant symptoms such as flushing, nausea, and dizziness, thereby deterring heavy drinking in carriers of the mutation.', 'People who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol than non-carriers. This is because individuals with this genetic variant metabolize alcohol more slowly, leading to higher blood alcohol levels and unpleasant side effects such as flushing, nausea, and headaches. As a result, they are less likely to engage in heavy drinking or frequent alcohol consumption.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 3, 'query_len': 95, 'docs_len': 2260, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Individuals who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH2) deficiency mutation often consume less alcohol compared to non-carriers. This is due to a reduced ability to metabolize acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol breakdown, which leads to unpleasant symptoms such as flushing, nausea, and dizziness. These adverse effects deter carriers from drinking in excess, promoting lower alcohol consumption patterns.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Individuals who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol compared to non-carriers. This genetic variation affects the enzyme ALDH2, which is responsible for breaking down acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism. Due to the reduced ability to metabolize acetaldehyde efficiently, carriers experience unpleasant symptoms such as flushing, nausea, and dizziness when they drink, leading them to consume less alcohol to avoid these adverse effects.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Individuals who carry the alcohol aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH2) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol compared to non-carriers. This phenomenon is attributed to the reduced ability of their bodies to metabolize acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism. As a result, consuming alcohol can lead to more rapid intoxication, flushing, and other unpleasant symptoms in ALDH2 deficient individuals, prompting them to limit their alcohol intake.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'People who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol than those who do not carry the mutation. This is because individuals with this genetic variant produce less of the enzyme ALDH2, which breaks down acetaldehyde, a toxic byproduct of alcohol metabolism. The accumulation of acetaldehyde can lead to unpleasant symptoms such as flushing, nausea, and dizziness, thereby deterring heavy drinking in carriers of the mutation.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'People who carry the alcohol dehydrogenase (ALDH) deficiency mutation tend to consume less alcohol than non-carriers. This is because individuals with this genetic variant metabolize alcohol more slowly, leading to higher blood alcohol levels and unpleasant side effects such as flushing, nausea, and headaches. As a result, they are less likely to engage in heavy drinking or frequent alcohol consumption.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 593):
Original:     Incidence of heart failure decreased by 10% in women since 1979.
Reformulated: Incidence of heart failure decreased by 10% in women since 1979. Incidence of heart failure decreased by 10% in women since 1979. Incidence of heart failure decreased by 10% in women since 1979. Incid...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The incidence of heart failure in women has seen a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This reduction likely reflects improvements in healthcare, increased awareness of risk factors, and advancements in medical treatments and preventive strategies aimed at women's cardiovascular health.", 'The incidence of heart failure in women has shown a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This reduction suggests improved preventive measures, better management of risk factors, and advancements in medical treatments that have benefited women specifically.', 'The incidence of heart failure among women has shown a significant decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This improvement reflects advancements in healthcare, better management of risk factors, and increased awareness of cardiovascular diseases in women.', 'The incidence of heart failure among women has seen a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This improvement reflects advancements in medical treatments, preventive care, and lifestyle modifications aimed at reducing risk factors such as high blood pressure, diabetes, and obesity.', 'The incidence of heart failure in women has shown a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This improvement likely reflects advancements in medical treatments, better management of risk factors such as hypertension and diabetes, and increased awareness and screening for cardiovascular diseases among women.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 3, 'query_len': 64, 'docs_len': 1428, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The incidence of heart failure in women has seen a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This reduction likely reflects improvements in healthcare, increased awareness of risk factors, and advancements in medical treatments and preventive strategies aimed at women's cardiovascular health.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The incidence of heart failure in women has shown a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This reduction suggests improved preventive measures, better management of risk factors, and advancements in medical treatments that have benefited women specifically.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The incidence of heart failure among women has shown a significant decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This improvement reflects advancements in healthcare, better management of risk factors, and increased awareness of cardiovascular diseases in women.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The incidence of heart failure among women has seen a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This improvement reflects advancements in medical treatments, preventive care, and lifestyle modifications aimed at reducing risk factors such as high blood pressure, diabetes, and obesity.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The incidence of heart failure in women has shown a notable decline, decreasing by 10% since 1979. This improvement likely reflects advancements in medical treatments, better management of risk factors such as hypertension and diabetes, and increased awareness and screening for cardiovascular diseases among women.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1216):
Original:     The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells.
Reformulated: The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells. The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells. The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells....
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells, likely through the action of proteases. This cleavage is crucial for the proper localization and function of TMEM27, which plays a role in insulin secretion. The cleaved fragment may also participate in intercellular signaling or modulate the cell surface expression of TMEM27, thereby influencing beta cell physiology and glucose homeostasis.', 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells, likely through proteolytic enzymes. This cleavage event is crucial for the proper function and secretion of TMEM27, which is involved in insulin regulation and pancreatic beta cell health.', "The extracellular domain of TMEM27 undergoes cleavage in human beta cells, a process that likely modulates its function in glucose sensing and insulin secretion. This cleavage is thought to be regulated by proteolytic enzymes and may play a crucial role in the beta cell's response to blood glucose levels, thereby influencing overall glucose homeostasis.", 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is known to be cleaved in human beta cells. This cleavage process is crucial for the proper functioning of beta cells, as it modulates the interaction of TMEM27 with other proteins and influences insulin secretion. The cleavage likely occurs through proteolytic enzymes, which are activated under specific cellular conditions. Understanding this cleavage event can provide insights into the regulation of beta cell physiology and may have implications for diabetes research.', 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is known to undergo cleavage in human beta cells. This processing event is crucial for the proper function and signaling capabilities of TMEM27, which is involved in insulin secretion and glucose homeostasis. Cleavage likely modulates the interactions between TMEM27 and other proteins at the cell surface, thereby influencing cellular processes essential for beta cell physiology.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 66, 'docs_len': 1949, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells, likely through the action of proteases. This cleavage is crucial for the proper localization and function of TMEM27, which plays a role in insulin secretion. The cleaved fragment may also participate in intercellular signaling or modulate the cell surface expression of TMEM27, thereby influencing beta cell physiology and glucose homeostasis.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is cleaved in human beta cells, likely through proteolytic enzymes. This cleavage event is crucial for the proper function and secretion of TMEM27, which is involved in insulin regulation and pancreatic beta cell health.', 'pseudo_doc_3': "The extracellular domain of TMEM27 undergoes cleavage in human beta cells, a process that likely modulates its function in glucose sensing and insulin secretion. This cleavage is thought to be regulated by proteolytic enzymes and may play a crucial role in the beta cell's response to blood glucose levels, thereby influencing overall glucose homeostasis.", 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is known to be cleaved in human beta cells. This cleavage process is crucial for the proper functioning of beta cells, as it modulates the interaction of TMEM27 with other proteins and influences insulin secretion. The cleavage likely occurs through proteolytic enzymes, which are activated under specific cellular conditions. Understanding this cleavage event can provide insights into the regulation of beta cell physiology and may have implications for diabetes research.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The extracellular domain of TMEM27 is known to undergo cleavage in human beta cells. This processing event is crucial for the proper function and signaling capabilities of TMEM27, which is involved in insulin secretion and glucose homeostasis. Cleavage likely modulates the interactions between TMEM27 and other proteins at the cell surface, thereby influencing cellular processes essential for beta cell physiology.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1337):
Original:     Ubiquitin ligase UBC13 generates a K63-linked polyubiquitin moiety at PCNA K164.
Reformulated: Ubiquitin ligase UBC13 generates a K63-linked polyubiquitin moiety at PCNA K164. Ubiquitin ligase UBC13 generates a K63-linked polyubiquitin moiety at PCNA K164. Ubiquitin ligase UBC13 generates a K63...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The ubiquitin ligase UBC13 catalyzes the formation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain at the lysine 164 (K164) position of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This modification plays a critical role in DNA damage repair and replication licensing by altering the functional state and stability of PCNA.', 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13, in conjunction with other E3 ligases, catalyzes the formation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain at the lysine 164 (K164) residue of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This specific modification is crucial for various cellular processes, including DNA damage response and DNA repair mechanisms.', 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13, in collaboration with other E2 enzymes, specifically targets and modifies PCNA (Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen) at lysine 164. This process results in the generation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain, which plays a crucial role in DNA damage repair and replication fork stabilization during cell division.', 'Ubiquitin ligase UBC13 catalyzes the formation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain at the lysine 164 (K164) position of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This post-translational modification plays a crucial role in DNA damage response and replication fork stabilization.', 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13 forms a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain specifically at the lysine 164 (K164) residue of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This post-translational modification plays a crucial role in DNA damage repair and replication fork stabilization.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 3, 'query_len': 80, 'docs_len': 1534, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13 catalyzes the formation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain at the lysine 164 (K164) position of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This modification plays a critical role in DNA damage repair and replication licensing by altering the functional state and stability of PCNA.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13, in conjunction with other E3 ligases, catalyzes the formation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain at the lysine 164 (K164) residue of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This specific modification is crucial for various cellular processes, including DNA damage response and DNA repair mechanisms.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13, in collaboration with other E2 enzymes, specifically targets and modifies PCNA (Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen) at lysine 164. This process results in the generation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain, which plays a crucial role in DNA damage repair and replication fork stabilization during cell division.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Ubiquitin ligase UBC13 catalyzes the formation of a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain at the lysine 164 (K164) position of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This post-translational modification plays a crucial role in DNA damage response and replication fork stabilization.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The ubiquitin ligase UBC13 forms a K63-linked polyubiquitin chain specifically at the lysine 164 (K164) residue of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). This post-translational modification plays a crucial role in DNA damage repair and replication fork stabilization.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 232):
Original:     Cataract and trachoma are the primary cause of blindness in Southern Sudan.
Reformulated: Cataract and trachoma are the primary cause of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataract and trachoma are the primary cause of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataract and trachoma are the primary cause of b...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Cataracts and trachoma are the primary causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts involve clouding of the lens, impairing vision, while trachoma, a contagious eye infection, leads to scarring and eyelid turning inward, causing significant eye damage. These conditions are exacerbated by limited access to healthcare and poor hygiene, particularly in rural areas. Efforts to combat these issues include regular screening, early intervention, and community health education to improve sanitation and reduce transmission of trachoma.', "Cataracts and trachoma are the primary causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts result from the clouding of the eye's lens, reducing vision clarity. Trachoma, a bacterial infection spread by poor sanitation and unsanitary conditions, leads to scarring of the eyelids and eventual vision loss. Both conditions are preventable and treatable, yet limited access to healthcare and resources exacerbates their impact in the region. Efforts to combat these issues include regular eye screenings, provision of antibiotics for trachoma, and cataract surgeries, but ongoing support is needed to improve eye health outcomes.", 'Cataracts and trachoma are the primary causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts result from the clouding of the lens in the eye, reducing visual clarity. Trachoma, a contagious bacterial infection caused by *Chlamydia trachomatis*, leads to severe scarring of the eyelids, which can turn inward and cause eyelashes to scratch the cornea over time. Both conditions are preventable and treatable, yet lack of access to healthcare and proper sanitation contribute to their prevalence in the region. Efforts to combat these issues include surgical interventions for cataracts and antibiotic treatments for trachoma', 'Cataracts and trachoma are major causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts result from the clouding of the lens in the eye, leading to vision loss, while trachoma, a bacterial infection transmitted through poor hygiene, causes chronic inflammation of the conjunctiva and can lead to scarring and eventual blindness. Both conditions are prevalent due to limited access to healthcare and sanitation facilities in the region. Efforts to combat these issues include implementing community health programs, providing surgical interventions for cataracts, and promoting hygiene practices to reduce trachoma transmission.', "Cataracts and trachoma are major causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts involve clouding of the eye's lens, impairing vision. Trachoma, a contagious eye infection caused by bacteria, leads to severe scarring of the eyelids and inner surface of the eyelids, causing them to turn inward and scratch the cornea. These conditions disproportionately affect the region due to limited access to healthcare and sanitation, which are crucial for prevention and treatment. Efforts to combat these issues include providing cataract surgeries and implementing trachoma control programs, such as antibiotics and facial cleanliness campaigns."], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 75, 'docs_len': 3039, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Cataracts and trachoma are the primary causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts involve clouding of the lens, impairing vision, while trachoma, a contagious eye infection, leads to scarring and eyelid turning inward, causing significant eye damage. These conditions are exacerbated by limited access to healthcare and poor hygiene, particularly in rural areas. Efforts to combat these issues include regular screening, early intervention, and community health education to improve sanitation and reduce transmission of trachoma.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Cataracts and trachoma are the primary causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts result from the clouding of the eye's lens, reducing vision clarity. Trachoma, a bacterial infection spread by poor sanitation and unsanitary conditions, leads to scarring of the eyelids and eventual vision loss. Both conditions are preventable and treatable, yet limited access to healthcare and resources exacerbates their impact in the region. Efforts to combat these issues include regular eye screenings, provision of antibiotics for trachoma, and cataract surgeries, but ongoing support is needed to improve eye health outcomes.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Cataracts and trachoma are the primary causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts result from the clouding of the lens in the eye, reducing visual clarity. Trachoma, a contagious bacterial infection caused by *Chlamydia trachomatis*, leads to severe scarring of the eyelids, which can turn inward and cause eyelashes to scratch the cornea over time. Both conditions are preventable and treatable, yet lack of access to healthcare and proper sanitation contribute to their prevalence in the region. Efforts to combat these issues include surgical interventions for cataracts and antibiotic treatments for trachoma', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Cataracts and trachoma are major causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts result from the clouding of the lens in the eye, leading to vision loss, while trachoma, a bacterial infection transmitted through poor hygiene, causes chronic inflammation of the conjunctiva and can lead to scarring and eventual blindness. Both conditions are prevalent due to limited access to healthcare and sanitation facilities in the region. Efforts to combat these issues include implementing community health programs, providing surgical interventions for cataracts, and promoting hygiene practices to reduce trachoma transmission.', 'pseudo_doc_5': "Cataracts and trachoma are major causes of blindness in Southern Sudan. Cataracts involve clouding of the eye's lens, impairing vision. Trachoma, a contagious eye infection caused by bacteria, leads to severe scarring of the eyelids and inner surface of the eyelids, causing them to turn inward and scratch the cornea. These conditions disproportionately affect the region due to limited access to healthcare and sanitation, which are crucial for prevention and treatment. Efforts to combat these issues include providing cataract surgeries and implementing trachoma control programs, such as antibiotics and facial cleanliness campaigns."}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1336):
Original:     UCB T cells reduce TCR diversity after transplantation.
Reformulated: UCB T cells reduce TCR diversity after transplantation. UCB T cells reduce TCR diversity after transplantation. UCB T cells reduce TCR diversity after transplantation. UCB T cells reduce TCR diversity...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells contribute to a reduction in TCR (T-cell receptor) diversity post-transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells have a more limited repertoire compared to adult T cells, leading to a decreased variety of TCRs in the recipient's immune system. This phenomenon can affect the immune response and potentially influence the body's ability to fight off new infections or develop immunological memory.", 'UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells can reduce TCR (T cell receptor) diversity after transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells typically have lower levels of antigen-specific receptors compared to adult T cells, leading to a more limited repertoire in the recipient. As a result, the overall TCR diversity in the transplanted individual may decrease, potentially affecting immune responses and susceptibility to infections.', 'UCB ( umbilical cord blood) T cells can reduce TCR (T-cell receptor) diversity after transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells often have a more limited and less diverse set of TCRs compared to adult stem cell-derived T cells. As these UCB T cells engraft and expand in the recipient, they may outcompete and suppress the engraftment of more diverse T cells from the recipient, thereby reducing overall TCR diversity in the transplanted population. This phenomenon is important to consider in the context of immune reconstitution following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.', "UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells have been shown to reduce TCR (T-cell receptor) diversity in transplant recipients. This reduction occurs because UCB T cells often outcompete and replace the recipient's T cells, leading to a more limited repertoire of TCRs in the transplanted individual. This phenomenon can impact immune responses and potentially increase susceptibility to certain infections or diseases.", 'UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells have been shown to reduce TCR (T cell receptor) diversity post-transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells tend to be less mature and more naive compared to adult donor T cells, leading to a slower and less diverse TCR repertoire expansion in the recipient. Consequently, this can influence the immune response and overall immunological recovery following transplantation.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 6, 'query_len': 55, 'docs_len': 2275, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells contribute to a reduction in TCR (T-cell receptor) diversity post-transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells have a more limited repertoire compared to adult T cells, leading to a decreased variety of TCRs in the recipient's immune system. This phenomenon can affect the immune response and potentially influence the body's ability to fight off new infections or develop immunological memory.", 'pseudo_doc_2': 'UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells can reduce TCR (T cell receptor) diversity after transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells typically have lower levels of antigen-specific receptors compared to adult T cells, leading to a more limited repertoire in the recipient. As a result, the overall TCR diversity in the transplanted individual may decrease, potentially affecting immune responses and susceptibility to infections.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'UCB ( umbilical cord blood) T cells can reduce TCR (T-cell receptor) diversity after transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells often have a more limited and less diverse set of TCRs compared to adult stem cell-derived T cells. As these UCB T cells engraft and expand in the recipient, they may outcompete and suppress the engraftment of more diverse T cells from the recipient, thereby reducing overall TCR diversity in the transplanted population. This phenomenon is important to consider in the context of immune reconstitution following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': "UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells have been shown to reduce TCR (T-cell receptor) diversity in transplant recipients. This reduction occurs because UCB T cells often outcompete and replace the recipient's T cells, leading to a more limited repertoire of TCRs in the transplanted individual. This phenomenon can impact immune responses and potentially increase susceptibility to certain infections or diseases.", 'pseudo_doc_5': 'UCB (umbilical cord blood) T cells have been shown to reduce TCR (T cell receptor) diversity post-transplantation. This occurs because UCB T cells tend to be less mature and more naive compared to adult donor T cells, leading to a slower and less diverse TCR repertoire expansion in the recipient. Consequently, this can influence the immune response and overall immunological recovery following transplantation.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 233):
Original:     Cell autonomous sex determination in somatic cells does not occur in Galliformes.
Reformulated: Cell autonomous sex determination in somatic cells does not occur in Galliformes. Cell autonomous sex determination in somatic cells does not occur in Galliformes. Cell autonomous sex determination in...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Galliformes, a diverse order including chickens, turkeys, pheasants, and quails, exhibit a consistent pattern in their sex determination mechanisms. Unlike some other bird orders where cell autonomous sex determination might occur in somatic cells, Galliformes rely on genetic sex determination (GSD) through ZW chromosomes. This means that sex is determined by the presence or absence of a specific sex chromosome, rather than local cellular factors, ensuring uniformity in sex determination across the species.', 'In Galliformes, including chickens and turkeys, cell autonomous sex determination in somatic cells does not occur. Instead, sex determination is controlled by sex chromosomes and a complex hormonal environment. This means that the sex of somatic cells cannot independently determine their characteristics based on genetic information alone; rather, they rely on instructions from the sex chromosomes and hormones produced by the gonads.', 'In Galliformes, such as chickens and pheasants, sex determination is primarily governed by genetic factors rather than cell-autonomous mechanisms in somatic cells. Unlike some other bird species where local sex-determining signals can influence somatic cell behavior, Galliformes rely on a sex chromosome system (ZZ/ZW) for sex determination, ensuring that sex is determined genetically from the earliest stages of development.', 'In Galliformes, such as chickens and turkeys, sex determination is non-cell autonomous, meaning it does not occur independently within individual somatic cells. Instead, the sex of the organism is determined by a combination of genetic and environmental factors, with the ZW (females) and ZZ (males) chromosome pairs playing a central role. This contrasts with some other species where cell autonomous sex determination might occur, where individual somatic cells can independently determine their sex.', 'In Galliformes, including chickens and turkeys, sex determination in somatic cells is non-autonomous, meaning it relies on external factors such as sex chromosomes or signaling from the gonads. This differs from some other bird orders where sex determination can occur independently in somatic cells without direct influence from the gonads.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 81, 'docs_len': 2222, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Galliformes, a diverse order including chickens, turkeys, pheasants, and quails, exhibit a consistent pattern in their sex determination mechanisms. Unlike some other bird orders where cell autonomous sex determination might occur in somatic cells, Galliformes rely on genetic sex determination (GSD) through ZW chromosomes. This means that sex is determined by the presence or absence of a specific sex chromosome, rather than local cellular factors, ensuring uniformity in sex determination across the species.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'In Galliformes, including chickens and turkeys, cell autonomous sex determination in somatic cells does not occur. Instead, sex determination is controlled by sex chromosomes and a complex hormonal environment. This means that the sex of somatic cells cannot independently determine their characteristics based on genetic information alone; rather, they rely on instructions from the sex chromosomes and hormones produced by the gonads.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'In Galliformes, such as chickens and pheasants, sex determination is primarily governed by genetic factors rather than cell-autonomous mechanisms in somatic cells. Unlike some other bird species where local sex-determining signals can influence somatic cell behavior, Galliformes rely on a sex chromosome system (ZZ/ZW) for sex determination, ensuring that sex is determined genetically from the earliest stages of development.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'In Galliformes, such as chickens and turkeys, sex determination is non-cell autonomous, meaning it does not occur independently within individual somatic cells. Instead, the sex of the organism is determined by a combination of genetic and environmental factors, with the ZW (females) and ZZ (males) chromosome pairs playing a central role. This contrasts with some other species where cell autonomous sex determination might occur, where individual somatic cells can independently determine their sex.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'In Galliformes, including chickens and turkeys, sex determination in somatic cells is non-autonomous, meaning it relies on external factors such as sex chromosomes or signaling from the gonads. This differs from some other bird orders where sex determination can occur independently in somatic cells without direct influence from the gonads.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 354):
Original:     Downregulation and mislocalization of Scribble prevents cell transformation and mammary tumorigenesis.
Reformulated: Downregulation and mislocalization of Scribble prevents cell transformation and mammary tumorigenesis. Downregulation and mislocalization of Scribble prevents cell transformation and mammary tumorigen...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The protein Scribble plays a crucial role in preventing cell transformation and promoting tumor suppression. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can lead to loss of its ability to inhibit abnormal cell growth and division, thereby facilitating the development of mammary tumors. This suggests that maintaining proper levels and correct localization of Scribble is essential for preventing cancer progression in the mammary gland.', "Scribble, a tumor suppressor protein, plays a critical role in preventing cell transformation and mammary tumorigenesis. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can lead to loss of its function, thereby facilitating cellular transformation and promoting the development of mammary tumors. This underscores the importance of Scribble's proper expression and localization in maintaining cellular integrity and preventing cancer progression.", 'The protein Scribble plays a crucial role in maintaining cell polarity and regulating cell-cell adhesion. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can impair its function, leading to a loss of cellular integrity and transformation. In the context of mammary tumorigenesis, the proper localization and sufficient expression of Scribble are essential for preventing tumor development. When Scribble levels are reduced or it is incorrectly localized within cells, it fails to effectively inhibit oncogenic signaling pathways, thereby promoting the initiation and progression of breast cancer.', 'Scribble (Scrib) is a tumor suppressor protein crucial for maintaining epithelial polarity and integrity. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can disrupt these functions, preventing proper cellular communication and adhesion. This dysregulation is often associated with cell transformation, as it allows cells to escape normal growth controls. In the context of mammary tumorigenesis, Scribble plays a vital role in inhibiting the development of breast cancer. When its expression levels are reduced or its localization altered, it fails to effectively suppress oncogenic signals, thereby promoting the initiation and progression of mammary tumors. Thus, maintaining the', 'Scribble, a tumor suppressor protein, plays a crucial role in preventing cell transformation and mammary tumorigenesis. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can disrupt the normal cellular processes that maintain tissue integrity and prevent uncontrolled cell growth. When Scribble levels are reduced or it is incorrectly localized within the cell, it fails to effectively regulate adherens junctions and apical-basal polarity, leading to increased cell proliferation and transformation, which are key steps in the development of mammary tumors. Thus, maintaining proper Scribble function is essential for preventing these oncogenic processes.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 4, 'query_len': 102, 'docs_len': 2813, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The protein Scribble plays a crucial role in preventing cell transformation and promoting tumor suppression. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can lead to loss of its ability to inhibit abnormal cell growth and division, thereby facilitating the development of mammary tumors. This suggests that maintaining proper levels and correct localization of Scribble is essential for preventing cancer progression in the mammary gland.', 'pseudo_doc_2': "Scribble, a tumor suppressor protein, plays a critical role in preventing cell transformation and mammary tumorigenesis. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can lead to loss of its function, thereby facilitating cellular transformation and promoting the development of mammary tumors. This underscores the importance of Scribble's proper expression and localization in maintaining cellular integrity and preventing cancer progression.", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The protein Scribble plays a crucial role in maintaining cell polarity and regulating cell-cell adhesion. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can impair its function, leading to a loss of cellular integrity and transformation. In the context of mammary tumorigenesis, the proper localization and sufficient expression of Scribble are essential for preventing tumor development. When Scribble levels are reduced or it is incorrectly localized within cells, it fails to effectively inhibit oncogenic signaling pathways, thereby promoting the initiation and progression of breast cancer.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Scribble (Scrib) is a tumor suppressor protein crucial for maintaining epithelial polarity and integrity. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can disrupt these functions, preventing proper cellular communication and adhesion. This dysregulation is often associated with cell transformation, as it allows cells to escape normal growth controls. In the context of mammary tumorigenesis, Scribble plays a vital role in inhibiting the development of breast cancer. When its expression levels are reduced or its localization altered, it fails to effectively suppress oncogenic signals, thereby promoting the initiation and progression of mammary tumors. Thus, maintaining the', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Scribble, a tumor suppressor protein, plays a crucial role in preventing cell transformation and mammary tumorigenesis. Downregulation or mislocalization of Scribble can disrupt the normal cellular processes that maintain tissue integrity and prevent uncontrolled cell growth. When Scribble levels are reduced or it is incorrectly localized within the cell, it fails to effectively regulate adherens junctions and apical-basal polarity, leading to increased cell proliferation and transformation, which are key steps in the development of mammary tumors. Thus, maintaining proper Scribble function is essential for preventing these oncogenic processes.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

