Sample Reformulations
================================================================================

Query 1 (QID: 264014):
Original:     how long is life cycle of flea
Reformulated: how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is life cycle of flea how long is li...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from several weeks to several months, depending on factors such as species, environment, and availability of a host. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Adult fleas can live for several weeks to months, during which they feed and reproduce, laying eggs that hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The entire life cycle can be completed in as little as 14-21 days under ideal conditions, but often takes longer due to various environmental factors.', 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans several weeks to several months, depending on various factors such as food availability, climate, and host presence. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The female flea lays eggs after feeding on a host, which hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The larvae then feed on organic matter and molt several times before entering the pupal stage, which lasts around 1-2 weeks. Finally, adult fleas emerge and can live for 2-3 months, during which they feed, mate, and lay eggs to start the cycle again.', 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as species, environment, and availability of food. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Flea eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks, then undergo a pupal stage lasting about 1-2 weeks before emerging as adult fleas. Adult fleas can live for several months, feeding on hosts and reproducing to start the cycle anew.', 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, although it can range from several weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks, and the larvae then spin a cocoon and enter the pupal stage, emerging as adult fleas after about 2-4 weeks. Adult fleas can live for several months, feeding on blood and reproducing to start the cycle over again. In ideal conditions, a female flea can produce up', 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Female fleas lay eggs after feeding on a host, which hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The larvae then spin a cocoon and enter the pupal stage, emerging as adult fleas after 1-2 weeks. Adult fleas can live for several weeks to months, feeding and reproducing to start the cycle over again.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 2678, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from several weeks to several months, depending on factors such as species, environment, and availability of a host. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Adult fleas can live for several weeks to months, during which they feed and reproduce, laying eggs that hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The entire life cycle can be completed in as little as 14-21 days under ideal conditions, but often takes longer due to various environmental factors.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans several weeks to several months, depending on various factors such as food availability, climate, and host presence. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The female flea lays eggs after feeding on a host, which hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The larvae then feed on organic matter and molt several times before entering the pupal stage, which lasts around 1-2 weeks. Finally, adult fleas emerge and can live for 2-3 months, during which they feed, mate, and lay eggs to start the cycle again.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as species, environment, and availability of food. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Flea eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks, then undergo a pupal stage lasting about 1-2 weeks before emerging as adult fleas. Adult fleas can live for several months, feeding on hosts and reproducing to start the cycle anew.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, although it can range from several weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. The cycle consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Eggs hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks, and the larvae then spin a cocoon and enter the pupal stage, emerging as adult fleas after about 2-4 weeks. Adult fleas can live for several months, feeding on blood and reproducing to start the cycle over again. In ideal conditions, a female flea can produce up', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The life cycle of a flea typically spans around 2-3 months, but can range from a few weeks to several months depending on factors such as food availability, temperature, and humidity. It consists of four stages: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. Female fleas lay eggs after feeding on a host, which hatch into larvae within 2-4 weeks. The larvae then spin a cocoon and enter the pupal stage, emerging as adult fleas after 1-2 weeks. Adult fleas can live for several weeks to months, feeding and reproducing to start the cycle over again.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 2 (QID: 104861):
Original:     cost of interior concrete flooring
Reformulated: cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete flooring cost of interior concrete...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the location. On average, the cost of materials for interior concrete flooring can range from $2 to $10 per square foot, with labor costs adding an additional $3 to $15 per square foot. Basic, unfurnished concrete floors can start at around $5 to $7 per square foot, while polished or stained floors with intricate designs can cost upwards of $15 to $25 per square foot. Additionally, costs for preparation, such as grinding and cleaning the concrete, and applying sealers or', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the complexity of the installation. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can cost between $3 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, factors such as grinding, sealing, and decorative elements can add to the overall cost, with prices ranging from $1 to $5 per square foot. Overall, a typical interior concrete flooring project can cost anywhere from $3,000 to $20,000', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, complexity of the design, and type of finish. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a high-end, polished concrete floor can cost between $10 to $20 per square foot. Additional costs may include sealing, staining, and decorative elements, which can add $1 to $5 per square foot to the total cost. Overall, a typical interior concrete flooring project can cost anywhere from $3,000 to $15,000 or more, depending on the', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the location. On average, the cost of installing a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs can also be influenced by the need for subfloor preparation, such as repairing or removing existing flooring, and the application of sealers or coatings to protect the concrete and enhance its appearance. Overall, the total cost of an interior concrete flooring project can range from $3', 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the complexity of the design. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a mid-range floor with a decorative finish can cost between $6 to $15 per square foot. High-end floors with intricate designs, advanced coatings, or specialized textures can cost upwards of $15 to $30 per square foot or more. Additionally, costs for preparation, labor, and materials such as sealers, stains, or epoxies can add'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 34, 'docs_len': 3041, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the complexity of the design, and the location. On average, the cost of materials for interior concrete flooring can range from $2 to $10 per square foot, with labor costs adding an additional $3 to $15 per square foot. Basic, unfurnished concrete floors can start at around $5 to $7 per square foot, while polished or stained floors with intricate designs can cost upwards of $15 to $25 per square foot. Additionally, costs for preparation, such as grinding and cleaning the concrete, and applying sealers or', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the complexity of the installation. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can cost between $3 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, factors such as grinding, sealing, and decorative elements can add to the overall cost, with prices ranging from $1 to $5 per square foot. Overall, a typical interior concrete flooring project can cost anywhere from $3,000 to $20,000', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the area, complexity of the design, and type of finish. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a high-end, polished concrete floor can cost between $10 to $20 per square foot. Additional costs may include sealing, staining, and decorative elements, which can add $1 to $5 per square foot to the total cost. Overall, a typical interior concrete flooring project can cost anywhere from $3,000 to $15,000 or more, depending on the', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the location. On average, the cost of installing a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a polished or stained concrete floor can cost between $5 to $15 per square foot. Additionally, costs can also be influenced by the need for subfloor preparation, such as repairing or removing existing flooring, and the application of sealers or coatings to protect the concrete and enhance its appearance. Overall, the total cost of an interior concrete flooring project can range from $3', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'The cost of interior concrete flooring can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size of the space, the type of finish, and the complexity of the design. On average, the cost of a basic concrete floor can range from $2 to $6 per square foot, while a mid-range floor with a decorative finish can cost between $6 to $15 per square foot. High-end floors with intricate designs, advanced coatings, or specialized textures can cost upwards of $15 to $30 per square foot or more. Additionally, costs for preparation, labor, and materials such as sealers, stains, or epoxies can add'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 3 (QID: 130510):
Original:     definition declaratory judgment
Reformulated: definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definition declaratory judgment definiti...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that provides a binding decision on the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment clarifies the legal position of the parties, typically sought when there is uncertainty or ambiguity surrounding a particular issue, such as the interpretation of a contract or the validity of a law. It is often used to prevent potential future disputes or to provide a clear understanding of the parties' rights and responsibilities, allowing them to plan and act accordingly.", "A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular case, allowing parties to clarify their legal position and avoid potential future disputes. Unlike traditional lawsuits that seek damages or injunctive relief, declaratory judgments focus on resolving legal uncertainty and providing a clear understanding of the parties' rights and responsibilities, often helping to prevent costly and lengthy litigation. By seeking a declaratory judgment, individuals or organizations can proactively address potential legal issues, gain clarity on complex matters, and make informed", 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that declares the rights, duties, or obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It provides a binding interpretation of the law as applied to the facts of the case, effectively settling the dispute by clarifying the legal position of each party. Declaratory judgments are often sought when a party needs certainty about their legal rights or obligations, particularly in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity about the application of the law. This type of judgment can be an efficient way to resolve disputes, as it avoids the need for further litigation and allows parties to plan their next steps with greater clarity', 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that determines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without awarding damages or other remedies. This type of judgment is typically sought when a party needs clarification on a legal issue or to establish the validity of a claim before any harm occurs. In a declaratory judgment, the court provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to the specific circumstances of the case, allowing the parties to plan and act accordingly, thereby avoiding potential future disputes or litigation.', 'A declaratory judgment is a judicial decision that declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of court ruling that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular situation, allowing parties to clarify their legal positions and avoid potential future conflicts. This type of judgment is often sought in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity about the application of a law or contract, and can provide a sense of closure and clarity for the parties involved. Declaratory judgments can be particularly useful in cases where a party wants to know their rights or obligations before taking any further action, and'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 17, 'query_len': 31, 'docs_len': 3339, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that provides a binding decision on the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute, without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment clarifies the legal position of the parties, typically sought when there is uncertainty or ambiguity surrounding a particular issue, such as the interpretation of a contract or the validity of a law. It is often used to prevent potential future disputes or to provide a clear understanding of the parties' rights and responsibilities, allowing them to plan and act accordingly.", 'pseudo_doc_2': "A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without ordering any specific action. This type of judgment provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular case, allowing parties to clarify their legal position and avoid potential future disputes. Unlike traditional lawsuits that seek damages or injunctive relief, declaratory judgments focus on resolving legal uncertainty and providing a clear understanding of the parties' rights and responsibilities, often helping to prevent costly and lengthy litigation. By seeking a declaratory judgment, individuals or organizations can proactively address potential legal issues, gain clarity on complex matters, and make informed", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that declares the rights, duties, or obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It provides a binding interpretation of the law as applied to the facts of the case, effectively settling the dispute by clarifying the legal position of each party. Declaratory judgments are often sought when a party needs certainty about their legal rights or obligations, particularly in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity about the application of the law. This type of judgment can be an efficient way to resolve disputes, as it avoids the need for further litigation and allows parties to plan their next steps with greater clarity', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A declaratory judgment is a court ruling that determines the rights and obligations of parties involved in a lawsuit without awarding damages or other remedies. This type of judgment is typically sought when a party needs clarification on a legal issue or to establish the validity of a claim before any harm occurs. In a declaratory judgment, the court provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to the specific circumstances of the case, allowing the parties to plan and act accordingly, thereby avoiding potential future disputes or litigation.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A declaratory judgment is a judicial decision that declares the rights and obligations of parties involved in a dispute without ordering any specific action. It is a type of court ruling that provides a binding interpretation of the law as it applies to a particular situation, allowing parties to clarify their legal positions and avoid potential future conflicts. This type of judgment is often sought in cases where there is uncertainty or ambiguity about the application of a law or contract, and can provide a sense of closure and clarity for the parties involved. Declaratory judgments can be particularly useful in cases where a party wants to know their rights or obligations before taking any further action, and'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 4 (QID: 1114819):
Original:     what is durable medical equipment consist of
Reformulated: what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medical equipment consist of what is durable medi...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Durable medical equipment (DME) refers to a range of medical devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use and provide long-term assistance to individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. DME consists of items such as wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and commodes, which are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional and used in the home or clinical setting. These devices are built to be durable and reusable, allowing patients to manage their conditions effectively and maintain their independence over an extended period. Additionally, DME may also include prosthetic devices, orthotics, and other rehabilitation equipment that aid in the recovery and rehabilitation process', 'Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of medical devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use and provide long-term assistance to patients with medical conditions or disabilities. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, ventilators, and prosthetic devices. These equipment are typically made of durable materials, such as steel or heavy plastics, and are designed to be used multiple times, making them a cost-effective solution for patients requiring ongoing medical care. Additionally, DME may also include items like commodes, bath chairs, and lift chairs, which help patients with mobility and daily living activities', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of devices and tools designed for prolonged use in medical settings. This category includes items such as wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, canes, oxygen tanks, and respiratory equipment. DME also encompasses prosthetic and orthotic devices, bathroom safety equipment like grab bars and shower chairs, as well as medical furniture like examination tables and lift chairs. These items are typically prescribed by healthcare professionals to patients who require assistance with mobility, therapy, or daily living activities, and are built to withstand repeated use over time, making them a crucial component of patient care and rehabilitation.', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of reusable and long-lasting devices designed to aid in the treatment, recovery, and management of various medical conditions. This equipment typically includes items such as wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and respirators, which are crucial for patient care and mobility. Additionally, DME may also encompass prosthetic devices, orthotics, and bathroom safety equipment, such as commodes and grab bars. These devices are generally prescribed by healthcare professionals to facilitate patient rehabilitation, improve quality of life, and enhance overall well-being. By providing essential support and assistance, durable medical', 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of devices designed to withstand repeated use and provide therapeutic benefits to patients in various healthcare settings. This type of equipment typically includes items such as hospital beds, wheelchairs, walkers, oxygen tanks, and respiratory therapy devices. Additionally, DME can also encompass mobility aids like canes, crutches, and scooters, as well as bathroom safety equipment like commodes and shower chairs. These devices are often prescribed by healthcare professionals to assist patients with daily living activities, manage chronic conditions, and aid in recovery from illness or injury, with the goal of improving overall quality of life and promoting independence'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 13, 'query_len': 44, 'docs_len': 3532, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) refers to a range of medical devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use and provide long-term assistance to individuals with medical conditions or disabilities. DME consists of items such as wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and commodes, which are typically prescribed by a healthcare professional and used in the home or clinical setting. These devices are built to be durable and reusable, allowing patients to manage their conditions effectively and maintain their independence over an extended period. Additionally, DME may also include prosthetic devices, orthotics, and other rehabilitation equipment that aid in the recovery and rehabilitation process', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Durable Medical Equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of medical devices and tools designed to withstand repeated use and provide long-term assistance to patients with medical conditions or disabilities. Examples of DME include wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, ventilators, and prosthetic devices. These equipment are typically made of durable materials, such as steel or heavy plastics, and are designed to be used multiple times, making them a cost-effective solution for patients requiring ongoing medical care. Additionally, DME may also include items like commodes, bath chairs, and lift chairs, which help patients with mobility and daily living activities', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of devices and tools designed for prolonged use in medical settings. This category includes items such as wheelchairs, hospital beds, walkers, canes, oxygen tanks, and respiratory equipment. DME also encompasses prosthetic and orthotic devices, bathroom safety equipment like grab bars and shower chairs, as well as medical furniture like examination tables and lift chairs. These items are typically prescribed by healthcare professionals to patients who require assistance with mobility, therapy, or daily living activities, and are built to withstand repeated use over time, making them a crucial component of patient care and rehabilitation.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of a wide range of reusable and long-lasting devices designed to aid in the treatment, recovery, and management of various medical conditions. This equipment typically includes items such as wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds, oxygen tanks, and respirators, which are crucial for patient care and mobility. Additionally, DME may also encompass prosthetic devices, orthotics, and bathroom safety equipment, such as commodes and grab bars. These devices are generally prescribed by healthcare professionals to facilitate patient rehabilitation, improve quality of life, and enhance overall well-being. By providing essential support and assistance, durable medical', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Durable medical equipment (DME) consists of devices designed to withstand repeated use and provide therapeutic benefits to patients in various healthcare settings. This type of equipment typically includes items such as hospital beds, wheelchairs, walkers, oxygen tanks, and respiratory therapy devices. Additionally, DME can also encompass mobility aids like canes, crutches, and scooters, as well as bathroom safety equipment like commodes and shower chairs. These devices are often prescribed by healthcare professionals to assist patients with daily living activities, manage chronic conditions, and aid in recovery from illness or injury, with the goal of improving overall quality of life and promoting independence'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 5 (QID: 1110199):
Original:     what is wifi vs bluetooth
Reformulated: what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bluetooth what is wifi vs bl...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve different purposes. WiFi is a wireless local area network (WLAN) technology that connects devices to the internet or a network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band and enables devices to access the internet, share files, and stream media. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network (PAN) technology designed for short-range device-to-device connections, typically within a range of 30 feet. It is commonly used for wireless headphones, speakers, and file transfer between devices. While WiFi provides broader', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for connecting devices, but they serve different purposes and operate in distinct ways. WiFi is a wireless local area network (WLAN) technology that connects devices to the internet or a network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network (PAN) technology designed for short-range communication between devices, such as wireless headphones, speakers, and file transfers between phones or tablets. While WiFi provides internet access and connectivity to a wide range of devices, Bluetooth facilitates device-to-device connections, making it ideal for streaming audio, transferring files, and other low', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve distinct purposes. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device communication, enabling wireless connections between devices such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones over shorter distances. While WiFi is ideal for internet access and large data transfers, Bluetooth is suited for streaming audio, file sharing, and other low-bandwidth applications, making each technology complementary in terms of their use cases.', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for connecting devices, but they serve different purposes. WiFi is a type of wireless networking technology that allows devices to connect to the internet or communicate with each other over a local network, using radio waves to transmit data at high speeds over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology that enables devices to communicate with each other over short distances, typically up to 30 feet, and is often used for wireless headphones, file transfer, and device pairing. While WiFi is ideal for internet access and large-scale device connectivity, Bluetooth is better suited for low-power, short-range applications,', 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for transferring data between devices. The primary difference between them lies in their purpose, range, and usage. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances, typically up to 150 feet. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology that enables device-to-device connection, facilitating the transfer of data, audio, and other files between devices in close proximity, usually within a range of 30 feet. While WiFi is ideal for internet browsing, streaming, and online activities, Bluetooth is commonly used'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 23, 'query_len': 25, 'docs_len': 3570, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve different purposes. WiFi is a wireless local area network (WLAN) technology that connects devices to the internet or a network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. It operates on a specific frequency band and enables devices to access the internet, share files, and stream media. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network (PAN) technology designed for short-range device-to-device connections, typically within a range of 30 feet. It is commonly used for wireless headphones, speakers, and file transfer between devices. While WiFi provides broader', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for connecting devices, but they serve different purposes and operate in distinct ways. WiFi is a wireless local area network (WLAN) technology that connects devices to the internet or a network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network (PAN) technology designed for short-range communication between devices, such as wireless headphones, speakers, and file transfers between phones or tablets. While WiFi provides internet access and connectivity to a wide range of devices, Bluetooth facilitates device-to-device connections, making it ideal for streaming audio, transferring files, and other low', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for device connectivity, but they serve distinct purposes. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology designed for device-to-device communication, enabling wireless connections between devices such as headphones, speakers, and smartphones over shorter distances. While WiFi is ideal for internet access and large data transfers, Bluetooth is suited for streaming audio, file sharing, and other low-bandwidth applications, making each technology complementary in terms of their use cases.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for connecting devices, but they serve different purposes. WiFi is a type of wireless networking technology that allows devices to connect to the internet or communicate with each other over a local network, using radio waves to transmit data at high speeds over long distances. In contrast, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology that enables devices to communicate with each other over short distances, typically up to 30 feet, and is often used for wireless headphones, file transfer, and device pairing. While WiFi is ideal for internet access and large-scale device connectivity, Bluetooth is better suited for low-power, short-range applications,', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'WiFi and Bluetooth are two popular wireless technologies used for transferring data between devices. The primary difference between them lies in their purpose, range, and usage. WiFi is a wireless networking technology that connects devices to the internet or a local network, allowing for high-speed data transfer over long distances, typically up to 150 feet. On the other hand, Bluetooth is a personal area network technology that enables device-to-device connection, facilitating the transfer of data, audio, and other files between devices in close proximity, usually within a range of 30 feet. While WiFi is ideal for internet browsing, streaming, and online activities, Bluetooth is commonly used'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 6 (QID: 1129237):
Original:     hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature
Reformulated: hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid below what temperature hydrogen is a liquid bel...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. The critical temperature for hydrogen is approximately -240 degrees Celsius (-400 degrees Fahrenheit), below which it becomes a liquid. At standard atmospheric pressure, hydrogen liquefies at a temperature of around -252.9 degrees Celsius (-422.2 degrees Fahrenheit). Achieving such extremely low temperatures is necessary for hydrogen to exist in its liquid state, which is crucial for various industrial and scientific applications, including rocket fuel and superconductivity research.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under extreme conditions. Hydrogen becomes a liquid when cooled to a temperature below -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the hydrogen molecules enough for them to come together and exist in a liquid state, making liquid hydrogen a highly versatile and valuable resource in various industrial and scientific applications.', 'Hydrogen is a liquid below -252.88 degrees Celsius, which is its boiling point at standard atmospheric pressure. At this extremely low temperature, hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid state, exhibiting distinct physical properties and behaviors. To achieve such a low temperature, advanced cryogenic techniques and specialized equipment are typically required, as liquid hydrogen has various applications in fields like rocket propulsion, energy storage, and scientific research.', 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when it is cooled to a temperature below -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the motion of the hydrogen molecules sufficiently, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state.', 'Hydrogen is a highly volatile gas under standard conditions, but it can be liquefied under extreme conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius (-433.18 degrees Fahrenheit or 20.27 Kelvin) at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the weak intermolecular forces between hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state. Liquefied hydrogen has various applications, including as a fuel source and a coolant in industrial processes.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 9, 'query_len': 43, 'docs_len': 2539, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. The critical temperature for hydrogen is approximately -240 degrees Celsius (-400 degrees Fahrenheit), below which it becomes a liquid. At standard atmospheric pressure, hydrogen liquefies at a temperature of around -252.9 degrees Celsius (-422.2 degrees Fahrenheit). Achieving such extremely low temperatures is necessary for hydrogen to exist in its liquid state, which is crucial for various industrial and scientific applications, including rocket fuel and superconductivity research.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under extreme conditions. Hydrogen becomes a liquid when cooled to a temperature below -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the hydrogen molecules enough for them to come together and exist in a liquid state, making liquid hydrogen a highly versatile and valuable resource in various industrial and scientific applications.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Hydrogen is a liquid below -252.88 degrees Celsius, which is its boiling point at standard atmospheric pressure. At this extremely low temperature, hydrogen transitions from a gas to a liquid state, exhibiting distinct physical properties and behaviors. To achieve such a low temperature, advanced cryogenic techniques and specialized equipment are typically required, as liquid hydrogen has various applications in fields like rocket propulsion, energy storage, and scientific research.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature, but it can be liquefied under certain conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid when it is cooled to a temperature below -252.88 degrees Celsius (-422.18 degrees Fahrenheit) at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to slow down the motion of the hydrogen molecules sufficiently, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state.', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'Hydrogen is a highly volatile gas under standard conditions, but it can be liquefied under extreme conditions. Specifically, hydrogen becomes a liquid below a temperature of -252.88 degrees Celsius (-433.18 degrees Fahrenheit or 20.27 Kelvin) at standard atmospheric pressure. This extremely low temperature is necessary to overcome the weak intermolecular forces between hydrogen molecules, allowing them to come together and form a liquid state. Liquefied hydrogen has various applications, including as a fuel source and a coolant in industrial processes.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 7 (QID: 573724):
Original:     what are the social determinants of health
Reformulated: what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determinants of health what are the social determin...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall wellbeing and quality of life. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social and community connections. For instance, individuals with lower socioeconomic status may face barriers in accessing healthy food, clean water, and safe living environments, which can lead to a higher risk of chronic diseases. Similarly, education and employment opportunities can impact health outcomes, as they often determine an individual's ability to afford healthcare and make informed decisions about their health. Furthermore, social connections and community support play a crucial role in", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare services. Additionally, factors such as social support networks, community safety, and environmental conditions also play a significant role in shaping health outcomes. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds may face barriers to accessing healthy food, clean water, and adequate healthcare, leading to a higher risk of developing chronic diseases. Conversely, those with higher levels of education and socioeconomic status tend to have better health outcomes due to increased access to resources and", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's or population's overall health and well-being. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social and environmental factors such as food security, community support, and exposure to pollution. They can have a profound impact on health outcomes, as individuals with limited access to resources and opportunities may experience poorer health and greater health disparities. Addressing these social determinants is crucial for promoting health equity and improving overall population health. By acknowledging and addressing these factors, healthcare systems and policymakers can work towards creating", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall well-being and health outcomes. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as the social and environmental conditions in which people live, work, and age. For example, individuals from low-income backgrounds may experience higher rates of stress, poor nutrition, and limited access to healthcare, which can lead to poorer health outcomes. Similarly, those living in areas with poor air and water quality, or lacking safe spaces for physical activity, are more likely to develop chronic diseases. By addressing these social determin", "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social and community connections. Additionally, factors such as discrimination, racism, and social exclusion can also impact health outcomes. The World Health Organization (WHO) identifies key social determinants of health as the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age, which can either promote or undermine health equity. By addressing these social determinants, individuals, communities, and healthcare systems can work"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 14, 'query_len': 42, 'docs_len': 3727, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall wellbeing and quality of life. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social and community connections. For instance, individuals with lower socioeconomic status may face barriers in accessing healthy food, clean water, and safe living environments, which can lead to a higher risk of chronic diseases. Similarly, education and employment opportunities can impact health outcomes, as they often determine an individual's ability to afford healthcare and make informed decisions about their health. Furthermore, social connections and community support play a crucial role in", 'pseudo_doc_2': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare services. Additionally, factors such as social support networks, community safety, and environmental conditions also play a significant role in shaping health outcomes. For instance, individuals from lower socioeconomic backgrounds may face barriers to accessing healthy food, clean water, and adequate healthcare, leading to a higher risk of developing chronic diseases. Conversely, those with higher levels of education and socioeconomic status tend to have better health outcomes due to increased access to resources and", 'pseudo_doc_3': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's or population's overall health and well-being. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social and environmental factors such as food security, community support, and exposure to pollution. They can have a profound impact on health outcomes, as individuals with limited access to resources and opportunities may experience poorer health and greater health disparities. Addressing these social determinants is crucial for promoting health equity and improving overall population health. By acknowledging and addressing these factors, healthcare systems and policymakers can work towards creating", 'pseudo_doc_4': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that significantly influence an individual's overall well-being and health outcomes. These factors include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as the social and environmental conditions in which people live, work, and age. For example, individuals from low-income backgrounds may experience higher rates of stress, poor nutrition, and limited access to healthcare, which can lead to poorer health outcomes. Similarly, those living in areas with poor air and water quality, or lacking safe spaces for physical activity, are more likely to develop chronic diseases. By addressing these social determin", 'pseudo_doc_5': "The social determinants of health refer to the non-medical factors that influence an individual's overall well-being and quality of life. These determinants include socioeconomic status, education, employment, housing, and access to healthcare, as well as social and community connections. Additionally, factors such as discrimination, racism, and social exclusion can also impact health outcomes. The World Health Organization (WHO) identifies key social determinants of health as the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work, and age, which can either promote or undermine health equity. By addressing these social determinants, individuals, communities, and healthcare systems can work"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 8 (QID: 1121709):
Original:     what are the three percenters?
Reformulated: what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the three percenters? what are the t...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['The Three Percenters, also known as the Threepers, are a militia movement in the United States that originated in 2008. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group can effect significant change. The group\'s ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiment and a strong belief in individual rights, particularly the right to bear arms. They often express opposition to federal authority and perceive themselves as patriots defending the Constitution against perceived tyranny. While the movement encompasses various factions with different levels of extremism,', 'The Three Percenters, also known as the Threepers or III%ers, are a loosely organized, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the notion that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group of citizens can effect significant change. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a strong adherence to the Second Amendment and a distrust of federal authority, with many members advocating for limited government intervention and the protection of individual rights. While not all members engage in extremist activities, some have been linked to violent', 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a right-wing, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the mythical idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group can effect significant change. The movement emerged in 2008 and is characterized by its opposition to government overreach and perceived infringement on individual liberties, particularly gun rights. Three Percenters often organize training exercises, rallies, and online forums to promote their ideology and prepare for potential armed resistance against the government', 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loose network of anti-government, pro-gun extremists who take their name from the idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a radical interpretation of the Second Amendment and a belief that the US government has overstepped its constitutional authority. Characterized by their use of the Roman numeral "III" symbol, Three Percenters are often associated with militia movements and have been known to participate in armed protests and rallies, sometimes in opposition to government policies and law enforcement', "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are an anti-government, pro-gun movement that emerged in the United States. The group's name is derived from the mythical idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution. Members of the movement believe that they are part of a similar minority, fighting against what they perceive as government overreach and tyranny. The group is known for its strong advocacy of gun rights, limited government intervention, and a strict interpretation of the US Constitution. While some members are simply enthusiastic about gun ownership and conservative politics, others have been"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 19, 'query_len': 30, 'docs_len': 3466, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the Threepers, are a militia movement in the United States that originated in 2008. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British during the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group can effect significant change. The group\'s ideology is rooted in anti-government sentiment and a strong belief in individual rights, particularly the right to bear arms. They often express opposition to federal authority and perceive themselves as patriots defending the Constitution against perceived tyranny. While the movement encompasses various factions with different levels of extremism,', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the Threepers or III%ers, are a loosely organized, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the notion that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group of citizens can effect significant change. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a strong adherence to the Second Amendment and a distrust of federal authority, with many members advocating for limited government intervention and the protection of individual rights. While not all members engage in extremist activities, some have been linked to violent', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a right-wing, anti-government militia movement in the United States. The name "Three Percenters" refers to the mythical idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution, implying that a small, dedicated group can effect significant change. The movement emerged in 2008 and is characterized by its opposition to government overreach and perceived infringement on individual liberties, particularly gun rights. Three Percenters often organize training exercises, rallies, and online forums to promote their ideology and prepare for potential armed resistance against the government', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are a loose network of anti-government, pro-gun extremists who take their name from the idea that only 3% of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution. The group\'s ideology is rooted in a radical interpretation of the Second Amendment and a belief that the US government has overstepped its constitutional authority. Characterized by their use of the Roman numeral "III" symbol, Three Percenters are often associated with militia movements and have been known to participate in armed protests and rallies, sometimes in opposition to government policies and law enforcement', 'pseudo_doc_5': "The Three Percenters, also known as the III% or Threepers, are an anti-government, pro-gun movement that emerged in the United States. The group's name is derived from the mythical idea that only three percent of American colonists actively fought against the British in the American Revolution. Members of the movement believe that they are part of a similar minority, fighting against what they perceive as government overreach and tyranny. The group is known for its strong advocacy of gun rights, limited government intervention, and a strict interpretation of the US Constitution. While some members are simply enthusiastic about gun ownership and conservative politics, others have been"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 9 (QID: 489204):
Original:     right pelvic pain causes
Reformulated: right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes right pelvic pain causes ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ["Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors. Some possible causes include appendicitis, where the appendix becomes inflamed, often requiring immediate medical attention. Other potential causes are ovarian cysts, which can rupture and lead to severe pain, and kidney stones, which can cause sharp pain when passing through the urinary tract. Additionally, conditions such as endometriosis, where tissue grows outside the uterus, and ectopic pregnancy, where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus, can also lead to right pelvic pain. In some cases, constipation or bowel obstruction can also cause pain in the right pelvic area. It's essential to", "Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, and endometriosis, a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus. Additionally, kidney stones, urinary tract infections, and constipation can also lead to right pelvic pain. In some cases, musculoskeletal conditions such as strained muscles or tendons in the lower back or hip area may also contribute to the pain. It's essential to consult a healthcare professional for a proper diagnosis and", 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, kidney stones, and ovarian cysts. Appendicitis, which is the inflammation of the appendix, often presents with pain that starts near the belly button and then moves to the lower right abdomen. Kidney stones can also cause severe pain in the right pelvis, usually accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and frequent urination. Additionally, ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs on the ovaries, can rupture or become twisted, leading to sudden and severe pelvic pain. In some cases, right pelvic pain may also be a symptom of inflammatory', "Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, and often presents with pain initially around the navel before localizing to the lower right abdomen. Other potential causes include ovarian cysts, which can cause sharp, stabbing pain if they rupture, and ectopic pregnancy, where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus, often leading to severe, stabbing pain. Additionally, urinary tract infections, kidney stones, and constipation can also contribute to right pelvic pain. In some cases, menstrual cramps, endometriosis, or inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's disease", "Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, ranging from minor to serious conditions. Common causes include appendicitis, where the appendix becomes inflamed, and ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs on the ovaries that can rupture and cause severe pain. Other potential causes of right pelvic pain include kidney stones, which can cause sharp pain in the lower abdomen, and ectopic pregnancy, where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus. Additionally, conditions such as endometriosis, where tissue similar to the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus, and inflammatory bowel disease, such as Crohn's disease"], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 22, 'query_len': 24, 'docs_len': 3231, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': "Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors. Some possible causes include appendicitis, where the appendix becomes inflamed, often requiring immediate medical attention. Other potential causes are ovarian cysts, which can rupture and lead to severe pain, and kidney stones, which can cause sharp pain when passing through the urinary tract. Additionally, conditions such as endometriosis, where tissue grows outside the uterus, and ectopic pregnancy, where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus, can also lead to right pelvic pain. In some cases, constipation or bowel obstruction can also cause pain in the right pelvic area. It's essential to", 'pseudo_doc_2': "Right pelvic pain can be caused by various factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, a small pouch attached to the large intestine. Other possible causes include ovarian cysts, ectopic pregnancy, and endometriosis, a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus. Additionally, kidney stones, urinary tract infections, and constipation can also lead to right pelvic pain. In some cases, musculoskeletal conditions such as strained muscles or tendons in the lower back or hip area may also contribute to the pain. It's essential to consult a healthcare professional for a proper diagnosis and", 'pseudo_doc_3': 'Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, kidney stones, and ovarian cysts. Appendicitis, which is the inflammation of the appendix, often presents with pain that starts near the belly button and then moves to the lower right abdomen. Kidney stones can also cause severe pain in the right pelvis, usually accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and frequent urination. Additionally, ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs on the ovaries, can rupture or become twisted, leading to sudden and severe pelvic pain. In some cases, right pelvic pain may also be a symptom of inflammatory', 'pseudo_doc_4': "Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, including appendicitis, which is inflammation of the appendix, and often presents with pain initially around the navel before localizing to the lower right abdomen. Other potential causes include ovarian cysts, which can cause sharp, stabbing pain if they rupture, and ectopic pregnancy, where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus, often leading to severe, stabbing pain. Additionally, urinary tract infections, kidney stones, and constipation can also contribute to right pelvic pain. In some cases, menstrual cramps, endometriosis, or inflammatory bowel diseases like Crohn's disease", 'pseudo_doc_5': "Right pelvic pain can be caused by a variety of factors, ranging from minor to serious conditions. Common causes include appendicitis, where the appendix becomes inflamed, and ovarian cysts, which are fluid-filled sacs on the ovaries that can rupture and cause severe pain. Other potential causes of right pelvic pain include kidney stones, which can cause sharp pain in the lower abdomen, and ectopic pregnancy, where a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus. Additionally, conditions such as endometriosis, where tissue similar to the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus, and inflammatory bowel disease, such as Crohn's disease"}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Query 10 (QID: 131843):
Original:     definition of a sigmet
Reformulated: definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a sigmet definition of a ...
Metadata:     {'pseudo_docs': ['A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by national meteorological agencies to alert pilots and aviation interests of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. SIGMETs are typically issued when there are significant weather phenomena such as severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, icing conditions, or volcanic ash that could pose a threat to aircraft operations. These advisories provide critical information on the location, intensity, and movement of the hazardous weather, enabling pilots to take necessary precautions and alter their flight plans to ensure safe passage.', 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that may impact the safety of flights. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time frame, providing critical information to help pilots navigate through or around hazardous weather, ensuring safe flight operations and minimizing the risk of accidents.', 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other aviation stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and other phenomena that could impact the safety of flight operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots navigate safely through adverse weather conditions. They are an essential tool for ensuring the safety of air travel and are usually disseminated through dedicated communication channels, such as weather reporting systems and aviation networks.', 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a warning issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These warnings are typically issued when weather phenomena such as thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, or volcanic ash clouds pose a significant threat to the safe operation of aircraft. SIGMETs are an essential component of aviation weather forecasting, providing critical information that enables pilots to make informed decisions about flight planning, routing, and safety. They are usually issued for a specific geographic area and are valid for a limited period, typically up to 4 hours, and are updated or cancelled as the', 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather alert issued by meteorological watch offices to warn of potentially hazardous weather conditions that could affect the safety of aircraft in flight. These conditions may include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could impact flight safety. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time period, providing critical information to pilots and air traffic controllers to help them navigate through potentially hazardous weather.'], 'num_docs': 5, 'adaptive_times': 6, 'repetition_times': 24, 'query_len': 22, 'docs_len': 3226, 'mode': 'zs', 'prompt_id': 'mugi.zeroshot.v1', 'parallel': False, 'pseudo_doc_1': 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by national meteorological agencies to alert pilots and aviation interests of potentially hazardous weather conditions that may impact flight safety. SIGMETs are typically issued when there are significant weather phenomena such as severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, icing conditions, or volcanic ash that could pose a threat to aircraft operations. These advisories provide critical information on the location, intensity, and movement of the hazardous weather, enabling pilots to take necessary precautions and alter their flight plans to ensure safe passage.', 'pseudo_doc_2': 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and dispatchers of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that may impact the safety of flights. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time frame, providing critical information to help pilots navigate through or around hazardous weather, ensuring safe flight operations and minimizing the risk of accidents.', 'pseudo_doc_3': 'A SIGMET, or Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather advisory issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other aviation stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These conditions can include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, and other phenomena that could impact the safety of flight operations. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time period, providing critical information to help pilots navigate safely through adverse weather conditions. They are an essential tool for ensuring the safety of air travel and are usually disseminated through dedicated communication channels, such as weather reporting systems and aviation networks.', 'pseudo_doc_4': 'A SIGMET, short for Significant Meteorological Information, is a warning issued by meteorological watch offices to alert aircraft pilots and other stakeholders of potentially hazardous weather conditions. These warnings are typically issued when weather phenomena such as thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, or volcanic ash clouds pose a significant threat to the safe operation of aircraft. SIGMETs are an essential component of aviation weather forecasting, providing critical information that enables pilots to make informed decisions about flight planning, routing, and safety. They are usually issued for a specific geographic area and are valid for a limited period, typically up to 4 hours, and are updated or cancelled as the', 'pseudo_doc_5': 'A SIGMET, which stands for Significant Meteorological Information, is a weather alert issued by meteorological watch offices to warn of potentially hazardous weather conditions that could affect the safety of aircraft in flight. These conditions may include severe thunderstorms, turbulence, icing, volcanic ash, and other phenomena that could impact flight safety. SIGMETs are typically issued for a specific area and time period, providing critical information to pilots and air traffic controllers to help them navigate through potentially hazardous weather.'}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

